/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/DEVOPS25/lektion2
lektion1-forts  recap-lektion1  recordings
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ ls
lektion1-forts  recap-lektion1  recordings
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ man find
FIND(1)                      General Commands Manual                     FIND(1)

NAME
       find - search for files in a directory hierarchy

SYNOPSIS
       find [-H] [-L] [-P] [-D debugopts] [-Olevel] [starting-point...] [expres‐
       sion]

DESCRIPTION
       This manual page documents the GNU version of find.   GNU  find  searches
       the  directory tree rooted at each given starting-point by evaluating the
       given expression from left to right, according to the rules of precedence
       (see  section  OPERATORS), until the outcome is known (the left hand side
       is false for and operations, true for or), at which point find  moves  on
       to  the  next  file  name.  If no starting-point is specified, `.' is as‐
       sumed.
 ESESCOBpage find(1) line 1 (press h for help or q to quit)
       If you are using find in an environment where security is important  (for
       example  if  you  are using it to search directories that are writable by
       other users), you should read the `Security  Considerations'  chapter  of
       the findutils documentation, which is called Finding Files and comes with
       findutils.  That document also includes a lot more detail and  discussion
       than  this manual page, so you may find it a more useful source of infor‐
       mation.ind(1) line 8 (press h for help or q to quit)
 ESESCOBpage find(1) line 9 (press h for help or q to quit)
OPTIONSBpage find(1) line 10 (press h for help or q to quit)
       The -H, -L and -P options control the treatment of symbolic links.   Com‐
       mand-line arguments following these are taken to be names of files or di‐
       rectories to be examined, up to the first argument that begins with  `-',
       or  the  argument  `(' or `!'.  That argument and any following arguments
       are taken to be the expression describing what is to be searched for.  If
       no  paths  are given, the current directory is used.  If no expression is
       given, the expression -print is used (but you  should  probably  consider
       using -print0 instead, anyway).for help or q to quit)
 ESESCOBpage find(1) line 19 (press h for help or q to quit)
       This manual page talks about `options' within the expression list.  These
       options control the behaviour of find but are specified immediately after
       the  last  path name.  The five `real' options -H, -L, -P, -D and -O must
       appear before the first path name, if at all.  A  double  dash  --  could
       theoretically  be used to signal that any remaining arguments are not op‐
       tions, but this does not really work due to the way find  determines  the
       end of the following path arguments: it does that by reading until an ex‐
       pression argument comes (which also starts with a `-').  Now, if  a  path
       argument  would  start with a `-', then find would treat it as expression
       argument instead.  Thus, to ensure that all start  points  are  taken  as
       such,  and  especially  to prevent that wildcard patterns expanded by the
       calling shell are not mistakenly treated as expression arguments,  it  is
       generally  safer  to  prefix  wildcards or dubious path names with either
       `./' or to use absolute path names starting with '/'.  Alternatively,  it
       is  generally safe though non-portable to use the GNU option -files0-from
       to pass arbitrary starting points to find.

       -P     Never follow symbolic links.  This is the default behaviour.  When
              find examines or prints information about files, and the file is a
              symbolic link, the information used shall be taken from the  prop‐
              erties of the symbolic link itself.
 Manual page find(1) line 41 (press h for help or q to quit)
       -L     Follow  symbolic  links.  When find examines or prints information
              about files, the information used shall be taken from the  proper‐
              ties  of  the file to which the link points, not from the link it‐
              self (unless it is a broken symbolic link or find is unable to ex‐
              amine  the file to which the link points).  Use of this option im‐
              plies -noleaf.  If you later use the -P option, -noleaf will still
              be  in  effect.   If -L is in effect and find discovers a symbolic
              link to a subdirectory during its search, the subdirectory pointed
              to by the symbolic link will be searched.

              When  the  -L option is in effect, the -type predicate will always
              match against the type of the file that a symbolic link points  to
              rather  than the link itself (unless the symbolic link is broken).
              Actions that can cause symbolic links to become broken while  find
              is  executing (for example -delete) can give rise to confusing be‐
              haviour.  Using -L causes the -lname and -ilname predicates always
              to return false.press h for help or q to quit)

       -H     Do  not follow symbolic links, except while processing the command
              line arguments.  When find examines or  prints  information  about
              files,  the information used shall be taken from the properties of
              the symbolic link itself.  The only exception to this behaviour is
              when  a file specified on the command line is a symbolic link, and
              the link can be resolved.  For  that  situation,  the  information
              used  is taken from whatever the link points to (that is, the link
              is followed).  The information about the link itself is used as  a
              fallback if the file pointed to by the symbolic link cannot be ex‐
              amined.  If -H is in effect and one of the paths specified on  the
              command  line  is  a symbolic link to a directory, the contents of
              that directory will be  examined  (though  of  course  -maxdepth 0
              would prevent this).

       If  more  than one of -H, -L and -P is specified, each overrides the oth‐
       ers; the last one appearing on the command line takes effect.   Since  it
       is the default, the -P option should be considered to be in effect unless
       either -H or -L is specified.

       GNU find frequently stats files during the processing of the command line
       itself,  before  any  searching has begun.  These options also affect how
       those arguments are processed.  Specifically, there are a number of tests
       that  compare files listed on the command line against a file we are cur‐
       rently considering.  In each case, the file specified on the command line
       will  have been examined and some of its properties will have been saved.
       If the named file is in fact a symbolic link, and the -P option is in ef‐
       fect  (or  if neither -H nor -L were specified), the information used for
       the comparison will be taken from the properties of  the  symbolic  link.
       Otherwise,  it  will  be  taken  from the properties of the file the link
       points to.  If find cannot follow the link (for example  because  it  has
       insufficient  privileges  or  the  link points to a nonexistent file) the
       properties of the link itself will be used.
 Manual page find(1) line 92 (press h for help or q to quit)
       When the -H or -L options are in effect, any symbolic links listed as the
       argument  of -newer will be dereferenced, and the timestamp will be taken
       from the file to which the symbolic link points.  The same  consideration
       applies to -newerXY, -anewer and -cnewer.

       The  -follow option has a similar effect to -L, though it takes effect at
       the point where it appears (that is, if -L is not used  but  -follow  is,
       any  symbolic  links  appearing after -follow on the command line will be
       dereferenced, and those before it will not).

       -D debugopts
              Print diagnostic information; this  can  be  helpful  to  diagnose
              problems  with  why  find is not doing what you want.  The list of
              debug options should be comma separated.  Compatibility of the de‐
              bug  options is not guaranteed between releases of findutils.  For
              a complete list of valid debug options, see  the  output  of  find
              -D help.  Valid debug options includeq to quit)

              exec   Show  diagnostic  information  relating to -exec, -execdir,
                     -ok and -okdir

              opt    Prints diagnostic information relating to the  optimisation
                     of the expression tree; see the -O option.

              rates  Prints  a  summary indicating how often each predicate suc‐
                     ceeded or failed.

              search Navigate the directory tree verbosely.

              stat   Print messages as files are  examined  with  the  stat  and
                     lstat  system  calls.   The  find program tries to minimise
                     such calls.

              tree   Show the expression tree  in  its  original  and  optimised
                     form.

              all    Enable all of the other debug options (but help).

              help   Explain the debugging options.

       -Olevel
              Enables  query  optimisation.   The find program reorders tests to
              speed up execution while preserving the overall effect;  that  is,
              predicates  with  side  effects are not reordered relative to each
              other.  The optimisations performed at each optimisation level are
              as follows.

              0      Equivalent to optimisation level 1.

              1      This  is  the default optimisation level and corresponds to
                     the traditional behaviour.  Expressions  are  reordered  so
                     that  tests  based  only on the names of files (for example
                     -name and -regex) are performed first.

              2      Any -type or -xtype tests are  performed  after  any  tests
                     based only on the names of files, but before any tests that
                     require information from the inode.  On  many  modern  ver‐
                     sions  of Unix, file types are returned by readdir() and so
                     these predicates are faster  to  evaluate  than  predicates
                     which  need  to  stat  the  file  first.   If  you  use the
                     -fstype FOO predicate and specify  a  filesystem  type  FOO
                     which is not known (that is, present in `/etc/mtab') at the
                     time find starts, that predicate is equivalent to -false.

              3      At this optimisation level, the full cost-based query opti‐
                     miser  is  enabled.  The order of tests is modified so that
                     cheap (i.e. fast) tests are performed first and more expen‐
                     sive  ones  are performed later, if necessary.  Within each
                     cost band, predicates are evaluated earlier  or  later  ac‐
                     cording  to whether they are likely to succeed or not.  For
                     -o, predicates which are likely to  succeed  are  evaluated
                     earlier,  and  for  -a, predicates which are likely to fail
                     are evaluated earlier.

              The cost-based optimiser has a fixed idea of how likely any  given
              test  is  to succeed.  In some cases the probability takes account
              of the specific nature of the test (for example,  -type f  is  as‐
              sumed  to be more likely to succeed than -type c).  The cost-based
              optimiser is currently being evaluated.  If it does  not  actually
              improve  the  performance of find, it will be removed again.  Con‐
              versely, optimisations that prove to be reliable, robust  and  ef‐
              fective  may  be  enabled  at lower optimisation levels over time.
              However, the default behaviour (i.e. optimisation  level  1)  will
              not  be  changed  in the 4.3.x release series.  The findutils test
              suite runs all the tests on find at each  optimisation  level  and
              ensures that the result is the same.

EXPRESSION
       The part of the command line after the list of starting points is the ex‐
       pression.  This is a kind of query specification describing how we  match
       files  and what we do with the files that were matched.  An expression is
       composed of a sequence of things:

       Tests  Tests return a true or false value, usually on the basis  of  some
              property  of a file we are considering.  The -empty test for exam‐
              ple is true only when the current file is empty.

       Actions
              Actions have side effects (such as printing something on the stan‐
              dard  output)  and  return  either true or false, usually based on
              whether or not they are successful.  The -print action for example
              prints the name of the current file on the standard output.

       Global options
              Global options affect the operation of tests and actions specified
              on any part of the command line.   Global  options  always  return
              true.   The -depth option for example makes find traverse the file
              system in a depth-first order.

       Positional options
              Positional options affect only tests or actions which follow them.
              Positional  options always return true.  The -regextype option for
              example is positional, specifying the regular  expression  dialect
              for regular expressions occurring later on the command line.

       Operators
              Operators  join  together  the  other items within the expression.
              They include for example -o (meaning logical OR) and  -a  (meaning
              logical AND).  Where an operator is missing, -a is assumed.

       The  -print  action is performed on all files for which the whole expres‐
       sion is true, unless it contains an action other than  -prune  or  -quit.
       Actions  which  inhibit  the default -print are -delete, -exec, -execdir,
       -ok, -okdir, -fls, -fprint, -fprintf, -ls, -print and -printf.

       The -delete action also acts like an option (since it implies -depth).

   POSITIONAL OPTIONS
       Positional options always return true.  They affect only tests  occurring
       later on the command line.

       -daystart
              Measure  times  (for  -amin,  -atime,  -cmin,  -ctime,  -mmin, and
              -mtime) from the beginning of today rather than from 24 hours ago.
              This  option  only affects tests which appear later on the command
              line.) line 228 (press h for help or q to quit)

       -follow
              Deprecated; use  the  -L  option  instead.   Dereference  symbolic
              links.   Implies  -noleaf.   The -follow option affects only those
              tests which appear after it on the command line.  Unless the -H or
              -L  option  has been specified, the position of the -follow option
              changes the behaviour of the -newer predicate; any files listed as
              the  argument  of -newer will be dereferenced if they are symbolic
              links.  The same consideration applies to  -newerXY,  -anewer  and
              -cnewer.  Similarly, the -type predicate will always match against
              the type of the file that a symbolic link points  to  rather  than
              the  link  itself.   Using  -follow  causes the -lname and -ilname
              predicates always to return false.

       -regextype type
              Changes the regular expression syntax  understood  by  -regex  and
              -iregex tests which occur later on the command line.  To see which
              regular expression types are known, use -regextype help.  The Tex‐
              info documentation (see SEE ALSO) explains the meaning of and dif‐
              ferences between the various types of regular expression.

       -warn, -nowarn
              Turn warning messages on or off.  These warnings apply only to the
              command  line  usage,  not  to  any conditions that find might en‐
              counter when it searches directories.  The default behaviour  cor‐
              responds  to -warn if standard input is a tty, and to -nowarn oth‐
              erwise.  If a warning message relating to  command-line  usage  is
              produced,  the  exit  status  of  find  is  not  affected.  If the
              POSIXLY_CORRECT environment variable is set,  and  -warn  is  also
              used, it is not specified which, if any, warnings will be active.

   GLOBAL OPTIONS
       Global  options  always return true.  Global options take effect even for
       tests which occur earlier on the command  line.   To  prevent  confusion,
       global  options  should  specified  on the command-line after the list of
       start points, just before the first test, positional  option  or  action.
       If  you  specify  a  global option in some other place, find will issue a
       warning message explaining that this can be confusing.

       The global options occur after the list of start points, and so  are  not
       the same kind of option as -L, for example.

       -d     A  synonym  for  -depth,  for  compatibility with FreeBSD, NetBSD,
              MacOS X and OpenBSD.

       -depth Process each directory's contents  before  the  directory  itself.
              The -delete action also implies -depth.

       -files0-from file
              Read  the starting points from file instead of getting them on the
              command line.  In contrast to the  known  limitations  of  passing
              starting points via arguments on the command line, namely the lim‐
              itation of the amount of file names, and the inherent ambiguity of
              file names clashing with option names, using this option allows to
              safely pass an arbitrary number of starting points to find.

              Using this option and passing starting points on the command  line
              is  mutually  exclusive,  and is therefore not allowed at the same
              time.

              The file argument is mandatory.  One  can  use  -files0-from -  to
              read  the  list of starting points from the standard input stream,
              and e.g. from a pipe.  In this case, the actions  -ok  and  -okdir
              are not allowed, because they would obviously interfere with read‐
              ing from standard input in order to get a user confirmation.

              The starting points in file have to  be  separated  by  ASCII  NUL
              characters.   Two  consecutive  NUL  characters,  i.e., a starting
              point with a Zero-length file name is not allowed and will lead to
              an error diagnostic followed by a non-Zero exit code later.

              In  the  case  the  given file is empty, find does not process any
              starting point and therefore will exit immediately  after  parsing
              the  program  arguments.   This  is unlike the standard invocation
              where find assumes the current directory as starting point  if  no
              path argument is passed.

              The  processing of the starting points is otherwise as usual, e.g.
              find will recurse into subdirectories unless otherwise  prevented.
              To  process  only  the  starting points, one can additionally pass
              -maxdepth 0.

              Further notes: if a file is listed more than  once  in  the  input
              file,  it is unspecified whether it is visited more than once.  If
              the file is mutated during the operation of find,  the  result  is
              unspecified  as well.  Finally, the seek position within the named
              file at the time find exits, be it with -quit or in any other way,
              is  also  unspecified.  By "unspecified" here is meant that it may
              or may not work or do any specific thing, and  that  the  behavior
              may change from platform to platform, or from findutils release to
              release.

       -help, --help
              Print a summary of the command-line usage of find and exit.

       -ignore_readdir_race
              Normally, find will emit an error message when it fails to stat  a
              file.   If  you give this option and a file is deleted between the
              time find reads the name of the file from the  directory  and  the
              time  it  tries to stat the file, no error message will be issued.
              This also applies to files or directories whose names are given on
              the  command  line.  This option takes effect at the time the com‐
              mand line is read, which means that you cannot search one part  of
              the filesystem with this option on and part of it with this option
              off (if you need to do that, you will need to issue two find  com‐
              mands instead, one with the option and one without it).

              Furthermore, find with the -ignore_readdir_race option will ignore
              errors of the -delete action in the case the file has  disappeared
              since  the  parent directory was read: it will not output an error
              diagnostic, and the return code of  the  -delete  action  will  be
              true.

       -maxdepth levels
              Descend at most levels (a non-negative integer) levels of directo‐
              ries below the starting-points.  Using -maxdepth 0 means only  ap‐
              ply the tests and actions to the starting-points themselves.

       -mindepth levelsne 347 (press h for help or q to quit)
              Do  not  apply  any tests or actions at levels less than levels (a
              non-negative integer).  Using -mindepth 1 means process all  files
              except the starting-points.

       -mount Don't descend directories on other filesystems.  An alternate name
              for -xdev, for compatibility with some other versions of find.

       -noignore_readdir_race
              Turns off the effect of -ignore_readdir_race.

       -noleaf
              Do not optimize by assuming that directories contain 2 fewer  sub‐
              directories  than  their  hard  link count.  This option is needed
              when searching filesystems that do not follow the Unix  directory-
              link  convention, such as CD-ROM or MS-DOS filesystems or AFS vol‐
              ume mount points.  Each directory on a normal Unix filesystem  has
              at  least 2 hard links: its name and its `.' entry.  Additionally,
              its subdirectories (if any) each have a `..' entry linked to  that
              directory.  When find is examining a directory, after it has stat‐
              ted 2 fewer subdirectories than the  directory's  link  count,  it
              knows that the rest of the entries in the directory are non-direc‐
              tories (`leaf' files in the directory tree).  If only  the  files'
              names  need  to  be  examined, there is no need to stat them; this
              gives a significant increase in search speed.

       -version, --version
              Print the find version number and exit.

       -xdev  Don't descend directories on other filesystems.

   TESTS
       Some tests, for example -newerXY and -samefile, allow comparison  between
       the  file  currently  being examined and some reference file specified on
       the command line.  When these tests are used, the interpretation  of  the
       reference  file is determined by the options -H, -L and -P and any previ‐
       ous -follow, but the reference file is only examined once,  at  the  time
       the  command  line  is  parsed.  If the reference file cannot be examined
       (for example, the stat(2) system call fails for it), an error message  is
       issued, and find exits with a nonzero status.

       A numeric argument n can be specified to tests (like -amin, -mtime, -gid,
       -inum, -links, -size, -uid and -used) as

       +n     for greater than n,

       -n     for less than n,

       n      for exactly n.

       Supported tests:
 Manual page find(1) line 398 (press h for help or q to quit)
       -amin n
              File was last accessed less than, more than or exactly  n  minutes
              ago.

       -anewer reference
              Time  of  the  last access of the current file is more recent than
              that of the last data modification of the reference file.  If ref‐
              erence is a symbolic link and the -H option or the -L option is in
              effect, then the time of the last data modification of the file it
              points to is always used.

       -atime n
              File  was last accessed less than, more than or exactly n*24 hours
              ago.  When find figures out how many 24-hour periods ago the  file
              was  last  accessed,  any  fractional part is ignored, so to match
              -atime +1, a file has to have been accessed at least two days ago.
 Manual page find(1) line 415 (press h for help or q to quit)
       -cmin n
              File's status was last changed less than, more than or  exactly  n
              minutes ago.

       -cnewer reference
              Time  of the last status change of the current file is more recent
              than that of the last data modification of the reference file.  If
              reference is a symbolic link and the -H option or the -L option is
              in effect, then the time of the last data modification of the file
              it points to is always used.

       -ctime n
              File's  status  was  last  changed less than, more than or exactly
              n*24 hours ago.  See the comments for  -atime  to  understand  how
              rounding affects the interpretation of file status change times.

       -empty File is empty and is either a regular file or a directory.

       -executable
              Matches  files  which  are  executable  and  directories which are
              searchable (in a file name resolution sense) by the current  user.
              This takes into account access control lists and other permissions
              artefacts which the -perm test ignores.  This test  makes  use  of
              the  access(2)  system  call,  and so can be fooled by NFS servers
              which do UID mapping (or root-squashing), since many  systems  im‐
              plement access(2) in the client's kernel and so cannot make use of
              the UID mapping information held on the server.  Because this test
              is based only on the result of the access(2) system call, there is
              no guarantee that a file for which this test succeeds can actually
              be executed.

       -false Always false.

       -fstype type) line 449 (press h for help or q to quit)
              File  is on a filesystem of type type.  The valid filesystem types
              vary among different versions  of  Unix;  an  incomplete  list  of
              filesystem  types that are accepted on some version of Unix or an‐
              other is: ufs, 4.2, 4.3, nfs, tmp, mfs, S51K, S52K.  You  can  use
              -printf  with  the  %F directive to see the types of your filesys‐
              tems.

       -gid n File's numeric group ID is less than, more than or exactly n.

       -group gname
              File belongs to group gname (numeric group ID allowed).

       -ilname pattern
              Like -lname, but the match is case insensitive.  If the -L  option
              or the -follow option is in effect, this test returns false unless
              the symbolic link is broken.
 Manual page find(1) line 466 (press h for help or q to quit)
       -iname pattern
              Like -name, but the match is case insensitive.  For  example,  the
              patterns `fo*' and `F??' match the file names `Foo', `FOO', `foo',
              `fOo', etc.  The pattern `*foo*` will also  match  a  file  called
              '.foobar'.

       -inum n
              File has inode number smaller than, greater than or exactly n.  It
              is normally easier to use the -samefile test instead.

       -ipath pattern
              Like -path.  but the match is case insensitive.

       -iregex pattern
              Like -regex, but the match is case insensitive.

       -iwholename pattern483 (press h for help or q to quit)
              See -ipath.  This alternative is less portable than -ipath.

       -links n
              File has less than, more than or exactly n hard links.

       -lname pattern
              File is a symbolic link whose contents match  shell  pattern  pat‐
              tern.   The  metacharacters do not treat `/' or `.' specially.  If
              the -L option or the -follow option is in effect,  this  test  re‐
              turns false unless the symbolic link is broken.

       -mmin n
              File's  data  was  last modified less than, more than or exactly n
              minutes ago.

       -mtime n
              File's data was last modified less than, more than or exactly n*24
              hours ago.  See the comments for -atime to understand how rounding
              affects the interpretation of file modification times.

       -name pattern
              Base of file name (the path with the leading directories  removed)
              matches  shell  pattern  pattern.  Because the leading directories
              are removed, the file names considered for a match with -name will
              never  include  a  slash, so `-name a/b' will never match anything
              (you probably need to use -path instead).  A warning is issued  if
              you  try  to do this, unless the environment variable POSIXLY_COR‐
              RECT is set.  The metacharacters (`*', `?', and `[]') match a  `.'
              at  the  start  of  the  base  name  (this  is  a change in findu‐
              tils-4.2.2; see section STANDARDS CONFORMANCE below).  To ignore a
              directory  and the files under it, use -prune rather than checking
              every file in the tree; see an example in the description of  that
              action.   Braces  are not recognised as being special, despite the
              fact that some shells including Bash imbue braces with  a  special
              meaning  in  shell  patterns.   The filename matching is performed
              with the use of the fnmatch(3) library function.  Don't forget  to
              enclose  the  pattern in quotes in order to protect it from expan‐
              sion by the shell.

       -newer reference
              Time of the last data modification of the current file is more re‐
              cent  than  that  of  the  last data modification of the reference
              file.  If reference is a symbolic link and the -H option or the -L
              option  is  in effect, then the time of the last data modification
              of the file it points to is always used.

       -newerXY reference
              Succeeds if timestamp X of the file being considered is newer than
              timestamp Y of the file reference.  The letters X and Y can be any
              of the following letters:
 Manual page find(1) line 534 (press h for help or q to quit)
              a   The access time of the file reference
              B   The birth time of the file reference
              c   The inode status change time of reference
              m   The modification time of the file reference
              t   reference is interpreted directly as a time

              Some combinations are invalid; for example, it is invalid for X to
              be  t.   Some combinations are not implemented on all systems; for
              example B is not supported on all systems.  If an invalid  or  un‐
              supported  combination  of XY is specified, a fatal error results.
              Time specifications are interpreted as for the argument to the  -d
              option  of GNU date.  If you try to use the birth time of a refer‐
              ence file, and the birth time cannot be determined, a fatal  error
              message  results.  If you specify a test which refers to the birth
              time of files being examined, this test will fail  for  any  files
              where the birth time is unknown.
 Manual page find(1) line 551 (press h for help or q to quit)
       -nogroup
              No group corresponds to file's numeric group ID.

       -nouser
              No user corresponds to file's numeric user ID.

       -path pattern
              File  name  matches  shell pattern pattern.  The metacharacters do
              not treat `/' or `.' specially; so, for example,
                  find . -path "./sr*sc"
              will print an entry for a directory called ./src/misc (if one  ex‐
              ists).   To  ignore a whole directory tree, use -prune rather than
              checking every file in the tree.  Note that the pattern match test
              applies  to  the  whole  file name, starting from one of the start
              points named on the command line.  It would only make sense to use
              an  absolute path name here if the relevant start point is also an
              absolute path.  This means that this command will never match any‐
              thing:
                  find bar -path /foo/bar/myfile -print
              Find  compares  the -path argument with the concatenation of a di‐
              rectory name and the base name of the file it's examining.   Since
              the  concatenation  will  never  end with a slash, -path arguments
              ending in a slash will match nothing (except perhaps a start point
              specified  on the command line).  The predicate -path is also sup‐
              ported by HP-UX find and is part of the POSIX 2008 standard.

       -perm mode
              File's permission bits  are  exactly  mode  (octal  or  symbolic).
              Since an exact match is required, if you want to use this form for
              symbolic modes, you may have to  specify  a  rather  complex  mode
              string.   For example `-perm g=w' will only match files which have
              mode 0020 (that is, ones for which group write permission  is  the
              only permission set).  It is more likely that you will want to use
              the `/' or `-' forms, for example `-perm -g=w', which matches  any
              file  with  group  write permission.  See the EXAMPLES section for
              some illustrative examples.

       -perm -mode
              All of the permission bits mode are set for  the  file.   Symbolic
              modes  are  accepted  in this form, and this is usually the way in
              which you would want to use them.  You must specify  `u',  `g'  or
              `o' if you use a symbolic mode.  See the EXAMPLES section for some
              illustrative examples.

       -perm /mode
              Any of the permission bits mode are set for  the  file.   Symbolic
              modes are accepted in this form.  You must specify `u', `g' or `o'
              if you use a symbolic mode.  See the EXAMPLES section for some il‐
              lustrative  examples.  If no permission bits in mode are set, this
              test matches any file (the idea here is to be consistent with  the
              behaviour of -perm -000).for help or q to quit)

       -perm +mode
              This  is no longer supported (and has been deprecated since 2005).
              Use -perm /mode instead.

       -readable
              Matches files which are readable by the current user.  This  takes
              into  account access control lists and other permissions artefacts
              which the -perm test ignores.  This test  makes  use  of  the  ac‐
              cess(2)  system call, and so can be fooled by NFS servers which do
              UID mapping (or root-squashing), since many systems implement  ac‐
              cess(2)  in  the client's kernel and so cannot make use of the UID
              mapping information held on the server.

       -regex pattern
              File name matches regular expression pattern.  This is a match  on
              the  whole path, not a search.  For example, to match a file named
              ./fubar3, you can use the regular expression `.*bar.' or `.*b.*3',
              but  not  `f.*r3'.  The regular expressions understood by find are
              by default Emacs Regular Expressions (except that `.' matches new‐
              line), but this can be changed with the -regextype option.

       -samefile name
              File refers to the same inode as name.  When -L is in effect, this
              can include symbolic links.

       -size n[cwbkMG]
              File uses less than, more than or exactly n units of space, round‐
              ing up.  The following suffixes can be used:

              `b'    for  512-byte  blocks  (this is the default if no suffix is
                     used)

              `c'    for bytes(press h for help or q to quit)

              `w'    for two-byte words

              `k'    for kibibytes (KiB, units of 1024 bytes)

              `M'    for mebibytes (MiB, units of 1024 * 1024 = 1048576 bytes)

              `G'    for  gibibytes  (GiB,  units  of  1024  *  1024  *  1024  =
                     1073741824 bytes)

              The size is simply the st_size member of the struct stat populated
              by the lstat (or stat) system call, rounded up as shown above.  In
              other  words,  it's  consistent with the result you get for ls -l.
              Bear in mind that the `%k' and `%b' format specifiers  of  -printf
              handle  sparse  files  differently.  The `b' suffix always denotes
              512-byte blocks and never 1024-byte blocks, which is different  to
              the behaviour of -ls.s h for help or q to quit)

              The + and - prefixes signify greater than and less than, as usual;
              i.e., an exact size of n units does not match.  Bear in mind  that
              the  size  is rounded up to the next unit.  Therefore -size -1M is
              not equivalent to -size -1048576c.  The former only matches  empty
              files, the latter matches files from 0 to 1,048,575 bytes.

       -true  Always true.

       -type c
              File is of type c:

              b      block (buffered) special

              c      character (unbuffered) special

              d      directory(press h for help or q to quit)

              p      named pipe (FIFO)

              f      regular file

              l      symbolic  link;  this is never true if the -L option or the
                     -follow option is in effect, unless the  symbolic  link  is
                     broken.   If  you want to search for symbolic links when -L
                     is in effect, use -xtype.

              s      socket

              D      door (Solaris)

              To search for more than one type at once, you can supply the  com‐
              bined  list  of  type letters separated by a comma `,' (GNU exten‐
              sion). line 687 (press h for help or q to quit)

       -uid n File's numeric user ID is less than, more than or exactly n.

       -used n
              File was last accessed less than, more than or exactly n days  af‐
              ter its status was last changed.

       -user uname
              File is owned by user uname (numeric user ID allowed).

       -wholename pattern
              See -path.  This alternative is less portable than -path.

       -writable
              Matches  files which are writable by the current user.  This takes
              into account access control lists and other permissions  artefacts
              which  the  -perm  test  ignores.   This test makes use of the ac‐
              cess(2) system call, and so can be fooled by NFS servers which  do
              UID  mapping (or root-squashing), since many systems implement ac‐
              cess(2) in the client's kernel and so cannot make use of  the  UID
              mapping information held on the server.

       -xtype c
              The  same  as  -type unless the file is a symbolic link.  For sym‐
              bolic links: if the -H or -P option was  specified,  true  if  the
              file  is  a  link  to  a file of type c; if the -L option has been
              given, true if c is `l'.  In  other  words,  for  symbolic  links,
              -xtype checks the type of the file that -type does not check.

       -context pattern
              (SELinux only) Security context of the file matches glob pattern.

   ACTIONS
       -deleteind(1) line 721 (press h for help or q to quit)
              Delete  files  or  directories; true if removal succeeded.  If the
              removal failed, an error message is issued and find's exit  status
              will be nonzero (when it eventually exits).

              Warning:  Don't  forget that find evaluates the command line as an
              expression, so putting -delete first will make find try to  delete
              everything below the starting points you specified.

              The  use  of  the -delete action on the command line automatically
              turns on the -depth option.  As in turn -depth makes -prune  inef‐
              fective,  the  -delete  action  cannot  usefully  be combined with
              -prune.

              Often, the user might want to test a find command line with -print
              prior to adding -delete for the actual removal run.  To avoid sur‐
              prising results, it is usually best to remember to use -depth  ex‐
              plicitly during those earlier test runs.o quit)

              The  -delete  action  will fail to remove a directory unless it is
              empty.

              Together with the -ignore_readdir_race option,  find  will  ignore
              errors  of the -delete action in the case the file has disappeared
              since the parent directory was read: it will not output  an  error
              diagnostic,  not  change  the exit code to nonzero, and the return
              code of the -delete action will be true.

       -exec command ;
              Execute command; true if 0 status is returned.  All following  ar‐
              guments  to find are taken to be arguments to the command until an
              argument consisting of `;' is encountered.  The string `{}' is re‐
              placed  by the current file name being processed everywhere it oc‐
              curs in the arguments to the command, not just in arguments  where
              it is alone, as in some versions of find.  Both of these construc‐
              tions might need to be escaped (with a `\') or quoted  to  protect
              them  from  expansion  by the shell.  See the EXAMPLES section for
              examples of the use of the -exec option.  The specified command is
              run  once  for  each matched file.  The command is executed in the
              starting directory.  There are unavoidable security problems  sur‐
              rounding  use of the -exec action; you should use the -execdir op‐
              tion instead.

       -exec command {} +
              This variant of the -exec action runs the specified command on the
              selected  files,  but  the command line is built by appending each
              selected file name at the end; the total number of invocations  of
              the  command  will  be much less than the number of matched files.
              The command line is built in much the same way that  xargs  builds
              its  command  lines.   Only one instance of `{}' is allowed within
              the command, and it must appear at the end, immediately before the
              `+';  it  needs to be escaped (with a `\') or quoted to protect it
              from interpretation by the shell.  The command is executed in  the
              starting directory.  If any invocation with the `+' form returns a
              non-zero value as exit status, then find returns a  non-zero  exit
              status.   If find encounters an error, this can sometimes cause an
              immediate exit, so some pending commands may not be  run  at  all.
              For  this reason -exec my-command ... {} + -quit may not result in
              my-command actually being run.  This variant of -exec  always  re‐
              turns true.

       -execdir command ;

       -execdir command {} +
              Like -exec, but the specified command is run from the subdirectory
              containing the matched file, which is not normally  the  directory
              in which you started find.  As with -exec, the {} should be quoted
              if find is being invoked from a shell.  This a  much  more  secure
              method  for invoking commands, as it avoids race conditions during
              resolution of the paths to the matched files.  As with  the  -exec
              action,  the  `+'  form  of  -execdir will build a command line to
              process more than one matched file, but any  given  invocation  of
              command  will only list files that exist in the same subdirectory.
              If you use this option, you must ensure that your PATH environment
              variable  does  not  reference `.'; otherwise, an attacker can run
              any commands they like by leaving an appropriately-named file in a
              directory  in  which  you  will run -execdir.  The same applies to
              having entries in PATH which are empty or which are  not  absolute
              directory  names.   If  any invocation with the `+' form returns a
              non-zero value as exit status, then find returns a  non-zero  exit
              status.   If find encounters an error, this can sometimes cause an
              immediate exit, so some pending commands may not be  run  at  all.
              The result of the action depends on whether the + or the ; variant
              is being used; -execdir command {} + always  returns  true,  while
              -execdir command {} ; returns true only if command returns 0.
 Manual page find(1) line 806 (press h for help or q to quit)
       -fls file
              True; like -ls but write to file like -fprint.  The output file is
              always created, even if the predicate is never matched.   See  the
              UNUSUAL  FILENAMES section for information about how unusual char‐
              acters in filenames are handled.

       -fprint file
              True; print the full file name into file file.  If file  does  not
              exist  when  find  is  run, it is created; if it does exist, it is
              truncated.  The file names /dev/stdout and /dev/stderr are handled
              specially;  they  refer  to the standard output and standard error
              output, respectively.  The output file is always created, even  if
              the predicate is never matched.  See the UNUSUAL FILENAMES section
              for information about how unusual characters in filenames are han‐
              dled.

       -fprint0 file line 823 (press h for help or q to quit)
              True;  like  -print0  but  write to file like -fprint.  The output
              file is always created, even if the predicate  is  never  matched.
              See  the  UNUSUAL  FILENAMES section for information about how un‐
              usual characters in filenames are handled.

       -fprintf file format
              True; like -printf but write to file  like  -fprint.   The  output
              file  is  always  created, even if the predicate is never matched.
              See the UNUSUAL FILENAMES section for information  about  how  un‐
              usual characters in filenames are handled.

       -ls    True;  list  current  file  in ls -dils format on standard output.
              The block counts are of 1 KB blocks, unless the environment  vari‐
              able  POSIXLY_CORRECT  is  set,  in which case 512-byte blocks are
              used.  See the UNUSUAL FILENAMES section for information about how
              unusual characters in filenames are handled.
 Manual page find(1) line 840 (press h for help or q to quit)
       -ok command ;
              Like  -exec  but  ask the user first.  If the user agrees, run the
              command.  Otherwise just return false.  If the command is run, its
              standard  input is redirected from /dev/null.  This action may not
              be specified together with the -files0-from option.

              The response to the prompt is matched against a  pair  of  regular
              expressions  to  determine if it is an affirmative or negative re‐
              sponse.  This regular expression is obtained from  the  system  if
              the POSIXLY_CORRECT environment variable is set, or otherwise from
              find's message translations.  If the system has no suitable  defi‐
              nition,  find's  own definition will be used.  In either case, the
              interpretation of the regular expression itself will  be  affected
              by  the  environment  variables  LC_CTYPE  (character classes) and
              LC_COLLATE (character ranges and equivalence classes).

       -okdir command ;ne 857 (press h for help or q to quit)
              Like -execdir but ask the user first in the same way as  for  -ok.
              If  the user does not agree, just return false.  If the command is
              run, its standard input is redirected from /dev/null.  This action
              may not be specified together with the -files0-from option.

       -print True; print the full file name on the standard output, followed by
              a newline.  If you are piping the output of find into another pro‐
              gram  and  there  is the faintest possibility that the files which
              you are searching for might contain a newline, then you should se‐
              riously  consider using the -print0 option instead of -print.  See
              the UNUSUAL FILENAMES section for information  about  how  unusual
              characters in filenames are handled.

       -print0
              True; print the full file name on the standard output, followed by
              a null character (instead of the  newline  character  that  -print
              uses).   This  allows  file  names  that contain newlines or other
              types of white space to be correctly interpreted by programs  that
              process the find output.  This option corresponds to the -0 option
              of xargs.

       -printf format
              True; print format on the standard output,  interpreting  `\'  es‐
              capes  and  `%'  directives.   Field  widths and precisions can be
              specified as with the printf(3) C function.  Please note that many
              of  the fields are printed as %s rather than %d, and this may mean
              that flags don't work as you might expect.  This also  means  that
              the `-' flag does work (it forces fields to be left-aligned).  Un‐
              like -print, -printf does not add a newline  at  the  end  of  the
              string.  The escapes and directives are:

              \a     Alarm bell.

              \b     Backspace.press h for help or q to quit)

              \c     Stop  printing  from  this format immediately and flush the
                     output.

              \f     Form feed.

              \n     Newline.

              \r     Carriage return.

              \t     Horizontal tab.

              \v     Vertical tab.

              \0     ASCII NUL.

              \\     A literal backslash (`\'). or q to quit)

              \NNN   The character whose ASCII code is NNN (octal).

              A `\' character followed by any other character is treated  as  an
              ordinary character, so they both are printed.

              %%     A literal percent sign.

              %a     File's  last  access  time  in the format returned by the C
                     ctime(3) function.

              %Ak    File's last access time in the format specified by k, which
                     is  either  `@'  or a directive for the C strftime(3) func‐
                     tion.  The following shows an incomplete list  of  possible
                     values  for  k.  Please refer to the documentation of strf‐
                     time(3) for the full list.  Some of the conversion specifi‐
                     cation  characters  might  not be available on all systems,
                     due to differences in the implementation of the strftime(3)
                     library function.

                     @      seconds  since  Jan.  1, 1970, 00:00 GMT, with frac‐
                            tional part.

                     Time fields:

                     H      hour (00..23)

                     I      hour (01..12)

                     k      hour ( 0..23)

                     l      hour ( 1..12)

                     M      minute (00..59)help or q to quit)

                     p      locale's AM or PM

                     r      time, 12-hour (hh:mm:ss [AP]M)

                     S      Second (00.00 ..  61.00).   There  is  a  fractional
                            part.

                     T      time, 24-hour (hh:mm:ss.xxxxxxxxxx)

                     +      Date   and  time,  separated  by  `+',  for  example
                            `2004-04-28+22:22:05.0'.  This is a  GNU  extension.
                            The time is given in the current timezone (which may
                            be affected by setting the TZ environment variable).
                            The seconds field includes a fractional part.

                     X      locale's  time  representation (H:M:S).  The seconds
                            field includes a fractional part.

                     Z      time zone (e.g., EDT), or nothing if no time zone is
                            determinable

                     Date fields:

                     a      locale's abbreviated weekday name (Sun..Sat)

                     A      locale's  full  weekday  name, variable length (Sun‐
                            day..Saturday)

                     b      locale's abbreviated month name (Jan..Dec)

                     B      locale's full month  name,  variable  length  (Janu‐
                            ary..December)
 Manual page find(1) line 976 (press h for help or q to quit)
                     c      locale's  date  and  time  (Sat  Nov 04 12:02:33 EST
                            1989).  The format is the same as for  ctime(3)  and
                            so to preserve compatibility with that format, there
                            is no fractional part in the seconds field.

                     d      day of month (01..31)

                     D      date (mm/dd/yy)

                     F      date (yyyy-mm-dd)

                     h      same as b

                     j      day of year (001..366)

                     m      month (01..12)
 Manual page find(1) line 993 (press h for help or q to quit)
                     U      week number of year with Sunday as first day of week
                            (00..53)

                     w      day of week (0..6)

                     W      week number of year with Monday as first day of week
                            (00..53)

                     x      locale's date representation (mm/dd/yy)

                     y      last two digits of year (00..99)

                     Y      year (1970...)

              %b     The amount of disk space used for  this  file  in  512-byte
                     blocks.   Since disk space is allocated in multiples of the
                     filesystem block size this is usually greater than  %s/512,
                     but it can also be smaller if the file is a sparse file.

              %Bk    File's  birth  time, i.e., its creation time, in the format
                     specified by k, which is the same as for %A.   This  direc‐
                     tive  produces  an empty string if the underlying operating
                     system or filesystem does not support birth times.

              %c     File's last status change time in the  format  returned  by
                     the C ctime(3) function.

              %Ck    File's  last  status change time in the format specified by
                     k, which is the same as for %A.

              %d     File's depth in the directory tree; 0 means the file  is  a
                     starting-point.

              %D     The  device  number  on  which  the file exists (the st_dev
                     field of struct stat), in decimal.

              %f     Print the basename; the file's name with any leading direc‐
                     tories  removed (only the last element).  For /, the result
                     is `/'.  See the EXAMPLES section for an example.

              %F     Type of the filesystem the file is on; this  value  can  be
                     used for -fstype.

              %g     File's  group name, or numeric group ID if the group has no
                     name.

              %G     File's numeric group ID.

              %h     Dirname; the Leading directories of the  file's  name  (all
                     but  the  last  element).   If  the  file  name contains no
                     slashes (since it is in the current directory) the %h spec‐
                     ifier  expands  to `.'.  For files which are themselves di‐
                     rectories and contain a slash (including /), %h expands  to
                     the empty string.  See the EXAMPLES section for an example.

              %H     Starting-point under which file was found.

              %i     File's inode number (in decimal).

              %k     The amount of disk space used for this file in 1 KB blocks.
                     Since disk space is allocated in multiples of the  filesys‐
                     tem block size this is usually greater than %s/1024, but it
                     can also be smaller if the file is a sparse file.

              %l     Object of symbolic link (empty string if file is not a sym‐
                     bolic link).

              %m     File's  permission  bits  (in octal).  This option uses the
                     `traditional' numbers which most Unix implementations  use,
                     but  if  your particular implementation uses an unusual or‐
                     dering of octal permissions bits, you will see a difference
                     between  the actual value of the file's mode and the output
                     of %m.  Normally you will want to have a  leading  zero  on
                     this  number, and to do this, you should use the # flag (as
                     in, for example, `%#m').

              %M     File's permissions (in symbolic form, as for ls).  This di‐
                     rective is supported in findutils 4.2.5 and later.

              %n     Number of hard links to file.

              %p     File's name.

              %P     File's name with the name of the starting-point under which
                     it was found removed.r help or q to quit)

              %s     File's size in bytes.

              %S     File's  sparseness.   This   is   calculated   as   (BLOCK‐
                     SIZE*st_blocks  /  st_size).   The exact value you will get
                     for an ordinary file of a certain length  is  system-depen‐
                     dent.  However, normally sparse files will have values less
                     than 1.0, and files which use indirect blocks  may  have  a
                     value  which is greater than 1.0.  In general the number of
                     blocks used by a file is file system dependent.  The  value
                     used  for BLOCKSIZE is system-dependent, but is usually 512
                     bytes.  If the file size is zero, the value printed is  un‐
                     defined.   On  systems  which lack support for st_blocks, a
                     file's sparseness is assumed to be 1.0.

              %t     File's last modification time in the format returned by the
                     C ctime(3) function.or help or q to quit)

              %Tk    File's last modification time in the format specified by k,
                     which is the same as for %A.

              %u     File's user name, or numeric user ID if  the  user  has  no
                     name.

              %U     File's numeric user ID.

              %y     File's type (like in ls -l), U=unknown type (shouldn't hap‐
                     pen)

              %Y     File's  type  (like  %y),  plus  follow   symbolic   links:
                     `L'=loop, `N'=nonexistent, `?' for any other error when de‐
                     termining the type of the target of a symbolic link.

              %Z     (SELinux only) file's security context.t)

              %{ %[ %(
                     Reserved for future use.

              A `%' character followed by any other character is discarded,  but
              the  other  character  is  printed (don't rely on this, as further
              format characters may be introduced).  A `%' at  the  end  of  the
              format  argument causes undefined behaviour since there is no fol‐
              lowing character.  In some locales, it may hide  your  door  keys,
              while  in  others  it may remove the final page from the novel you
              are reading.

              The %m and %d directives support the #, 0 and  +  flags,  but  the
              other  directives do not, even if they print numbers.  Numeric di‐
              rectives that do not support these flags include G, U, b, D, k and
              n.   The `-' format flag is supported and changes the alignment of
              a field from right-justified (which is the default) to left-justi‐
              fied.

              See  the  UNUSUAL  FILENAMES section for information about how un‐
              usual characters in filenames are handled.

       -prune True; if the file is a directory, do  not  descend  into  it.   If
              -depth  is  given, then -prune has no effect.  Because -delete im‐
              plies -depth, you cannot usefully use -prune and -delete together.
              For example, to skip the directory src/emacs and all files and di‐
              rectories under it, and print the names of the other files  found,
              do something like this:
                  find . -path ./src/emacs -prune -o -print

       -quit  Exit  immediately  (with  return  value zero if no errors have oc‐
              curred).  This is different to -prune because -prune only  applies
              to  the  contents  of pruned directories, while -quit simply makes
              find stop immediately.  No child processes will be  left  running.
              Any  command  lines  which  have been built by -exec ... + or -ex‐
              ecdir ... + are invoked before the program is exited.  After -quit
              is  executed,  no more files specified on the command line will be
              processed.   For  example,   `find /tmp/foo /tmp/bar -print -quit`
              will print only `/tmp/foo`.
              One  common use of -quit is to stop searching the file system once
              we have found what we want.  For example, if we want to find  just
              a single file we can do this:
                  find / -name needle -print -quit

   OPERATORS
       Listed in order of decreasing precedence:

       ( expr )
              Force precedence.  Since parentheses are special to the shell, you
              will normally need to quote them.  Many of the  examples  in  this
              manual page use backslashes for this purpose: `\(...\)' instead of
              `(...)'.

       ! expr True if expr is false.  This character will also usually need pro‐
              tection from interpretation by the shell.

       -not expr
              Same as ! expr, but not POSIX compliant.

       expr1 expr2
              Two  expressions  in  a row are taken to be joined with an implied
              -a; expr2 is not evaluated if expr1 is false.

       expr1 -a expr2
              Same as expr1 expr2.

       expr1 -and expr2
              Same as expr1 expr2, but not POSIX compliant.it)

       expr1 -o expr2
              Or; expr2 is not evaluated if expr1 is true.

       expr1 -or expr2
              Same as expr1 -o expr2, but not POSIX compliant.

       expr1 , expr2
              List; both expr1 and expr2 are always  evaluated.   The  value  of
              expr1  is  discarded; the value of the list is the value of expr2.
              The comma operator can be useful for searching for several differ‐
              ent  types  of thing, but traversing the filesystem hierarchy only
              once.  The -fprintf action can be used to list the various matched
              items into several different output files.

       Please  note  that -a when specified implicitly (for example by two tests
       appearing without an explicit operator between them)  or  explicitly  has
       higher  precedence  than -o.  This means that find . -name afile -o -name
       bfile -print will never print afile.

UNUSUAL FILENAMES
       Many of the actions of find result in the printing of data which is under
       the  control  of other users.  This includes file names, sizes, modifica‐
       tion times and so forth.  File names are a potential problem  since  they
       can  contain  any  character  except `\0' and `/'.  Unusual characters in
       file names can do unexpected and often undesirable things to your  termi‐
       nal  (for  example,  changing  the settings of your function keys on some
       terminals).  Unusual characters are handled differently  by  various  ac‐
       tions, as described below.

       -print0, -fprint0
              Always  print the exact filename, unchanged, even if the output is
              going to a terminal.
 Manual page find(1) line 1214 (press h for help or q to quit)
       -ls, -fls
              Unusual characters are always escaped.   White  space,  backslash,
              and  double  quote  characters  are printed using C-style escaping
              (for example `\f', `\"').  Other unusual  characters  are  printed
              using  an  octal  escape.  Other printable characters (for -ls and
              -fls these are the characters between  octal  041  and  0176)  are
              printed as-is.

       -printf, -fprintf
              If  the  output  is  not going to a terminal, it is printed as-is.
              Otherwise, the result depends on which directive is in  use.   The
              directives  %D,  %F, %g, %G, %H, %Y, and %y expand to values which
              are not under control of files' owners, and so are printed  as-is.
              The  directives %a, %b, %c, %d, %i, %k, %m, %M, %n, %s, %t, %u and
              %U have values which are under the control of  files'  owners  but
              which  cannot  be used to send arbitrary data to the terminal, and
              so these are printed as-is.  The directives %f, %h, %l, %p and  %P
              are  quoted.  This quoting is performed in the same way as for GNU
              ls.  This is not the same quoting mechanism as the  one  used  for
              -ls  and  -fls.   If you are able to decide what format to use for
              the output of find then it is normally better to  use  `\0'  as  a
              terminator  than  to  use newline, as file names can contain white
              space and newline characters.  The setting of the  LC_CTYPE  envi‐
              ronment  variable is used to determine which characters need to be
              quoted.

       -print, -fprint
              Quoting is handled in the same way as for  -printf  and  -fprintf.
              If  you  are  using  find  in a script or in a situation where the
              matched files might have arbitrary names, you should consider  us‐
              ing -print0 instead of -print.

       The  -ok  and  -okdir actions print the current filename as-is.  This may
       change in a future release.ess h for help or q to quit)

STANDARDS CONFORMANCE
       For closest  compliance  to  the  POSIX  standard,  you  should  set  the
       POSIXLY_CORRECT  environment  variable.  The following options are speci‐
       fied in the POSIX standard (IEEE Std 1003.1-2008, 2016 Edition):

       -H     This option is supported.

       -L     This option is supported.

       -name  This option is supported, but POSIX  conformance  depends  on  the
              POSIX conformance of the system's fnmatch(3) library function.  As
              of findutils-4.2.2, shell metacharacters (`*', `?' or `[]' for ex‐
              ample)  match  a leading `.', because IEEE PASC interpretation 126
              requires this.  This is a change from previous versions of  findu‐
              tils.
 Manual page find(1) line 1265 (press h for help or q to quit)
       -type  Supported.   POSIX specifies `b', `c', `d', `l', `p', `f' and `s'.
              GNU find also supports `D', representing a Door, where the OS pro‐
              vides  these.   Furthermore,  GNU find allows multiple types to be
              specified at once in a comma-separated list.

       -ok    Supported.  Interpretation of the response  is  according  to  the
              `yes'  and `no' patterns selected by setting the LC_MESSAGES envi‐
              ronment variable.  When the POSIXLY_CORRECT  environment  variable
              is set, these patterns are taken system's definition of a positive
              (yes) or negative (no) response.  See the  system's  documentation
              for  nl_langinfo(3),  in  particular  YESEXPR  and  NOEXPR.   When
              POSIXLY_CORRECT is not set, the patterns are  instead  taken  from
              find's own message catalogue.

       -newer Supported.  If the file specified is a symbolic link, it is always
              dereferenced.  This is a change  from  previous  behaviour,  which
              used  to  take  the  relevant time from the symbolic link; see the
              HISTORY section below.

       -perm  Supported.  If the POSIXLY_CORRECT  environment  variable  is  not
              set, some mode arguments (for example +a+x) which are not valid in
              POSIX are supported for backward-compatibility.

       Other primaries
              The primaries  -atime,  -ctime,  -depth,  -exec,  -group,  -links,
              -mtime,  -nogroup,  -nouser,  -ok,  -path,  -print, -prune, -size,
              -user and -xdev are all supported.

       The POSIX standard specifies parentheses `(', `)', negation `!'  and  the
       logical AND/OR operators -a and -o.

       All  other  options,  predicates, expressions and so forth are extensions
       beyond the POSIX standard.  Many of these extensions are  not  unique  to
       GNU find, however. 1299 (press h for help or q to quit)

       The POSIX standard requires that find detects loops:

              The  find utility shall detect infinite loops; that is, entering a
              previously visited directory that is an ancestor of the last  file
              encountered.  When it detects an infinite loop, find shall write a
              diagnostic message to standard error and shall either recover  its
              position in the hierarchy or terminate.

       GNU find complies with these requirements.  The link count of directories
       which contain entries which are hard links to an ancestor will  often  be
       lower  than  they  otherwise should be.  This can mean that GNU find will
       sometimes optimise away the visiting of a subdirectory which is  actually
       a  link to an ancestor.  Since find does not actually enter such a subdi‐
       rectory, it is allowed to avoid emitting a diagnostic message.   Although
       this behaviour may be somewhat confusing, it is unlikely that anybody ac‐
       tually depends on this behaviour.  If  the  leaf  optimisation  has  been
       turned  off with -noleaf, the directory entry will always be examined and
       the diagnostic message will be issued where it is appropriate.   Symbolic
       links  cannot  be used to create filesystem cycles as such, but if the -L
       option or the -follow option is in use, a diagnostic  message  is  issued
       when  find encounters a loop of symbolic links.  As with loops containing
       hard links, the leaf optimisation will often mean that find knows that it
       doesn't  need to call stat() or chdir() on the symbolic link, so this di‐
       agnostic is frequently not necessary.

       The -d option is supported for compatibility with  various  BSD  systems,
       but you should use the POSIX-compliant option -depth instead.

       The POSIXLY_CORRECT environment variable does not affect the behaviour of
       the -regex or -iregex tests because those tests aren't specified  in  the
       POSIX standard.

ENVIRONMENT VARIABLESline 1333 (press h for help or q to quit)
       LANG   Provides  a  default  value for the internationalization variables
              that are unset or null.

       LC_ALL If set to a non-empty string value, override the values of all the
              other internationalization variables.

       LC_COLLATE
              The  POSIX  standard specifies that this variable affects the pat‐
              tern matching to be used for the -name option.  GNU find uses  the
              fnmatch(3) library function, and so support for LC_COLLATE depends
              on the system library.  This variable also affects the interpreta‐
              tion  of  the  response to -ok; while the LC_MESSAGES variable se‐
              lects the actual pattern used to interpret the  response  to  -ok,
              the  interpretation of any bracket expressions in the pattern will
              be affected by LC_COLLATE.

       LC_CTYPEnd(1) line 1350 (press h for help or q to quit)
              This variable affects the treatment of character classes  used  in
              regular  expressions and also with the -name test, if the system's
              fnmatch(3) library function supports this.  This variable also af‐
              fects  the  interpretation of any character classes in the regular
              expressions used to interpret the response to the prompt issued by
              -ok.   The  LC_CTYPE  environment  variable will also affect which
              characters are considered to be  unprintable  when  filenames  are
              printed; see the section UNUSUAL FILENAMES.

       LC_MESSAGES
              Determines  the  locale to be used for internationalised messages.
              If the POSIXLY_CORRECT environment variable is set, this also  de‐
              termines  the interpretation of the response to the prompt made by
              the -ok action.

       NLSPATH
              Determines the location of the internationalisation message  cata‐
              logues.

       PATH   Affects the directories which are searched to find the executables
              invoked by -exec, -execdir, -ok and -okdir.

       POSIXLY_CORRECT
              Determines the block size used by -ls and -fls.   If  POSIXLY_COR‐
              RECT  is  set,  blocks are units of 512 bytes.  Otherwise they are
              units of 1024 bytes.

              Setting this variable also turns off warning  messages  (that  is,
              implies  -nowarn)  by  default,  because POSIX requires that apart
              from the output for -ok, all messages printed on stderr are  diag‐
              nostics and must result in a non-zero exit status.

              When  POSIXLY_CORRECT  is not set, -perm +zzz is treated just like
              -perm  /zzz  if  +zzz  is  not  a  valid  symbolic   mode.    When
              POSIXLY_CORRECT is set, such constructs are treated as an error.

              When  POSIXLY_CORRECT  is  set, the response to the prompt made by
              the -ok action is interpreted according to  the  system's  message
              catalogue,  as opposed to according to find's own message transla‐
              tions.

       TZ     Affects the time zone used for some of the time-related format di‐
              rectives of -printf and -fprintf.

EXAMPLES
   Simple `find|xargs` approach
       •      Find  files  named  core in or below the directory /tmp and delete
              them.

                  $ find /tmp -name core -type f -print | xargs /bin/rm -f
 Manual page find(1) line 1401 (press h for help or q to quit)
              Note that this will work incorrectly if there  are  any  filenames
              containing newlines, single or double quotes, or spaces.

   Safer `find -print0 | xargs -0` approach
       •      Find  files  named  core in or below the directory /tmp and delete
              them, processing filenames in such a way that  file  or  directory
              names  containing  single or double quotes, spaces or newlines are
              correctly handled.

                  $ find /tmp -name core -type f -print0 | xargs -0 /bin/rm -f

              The -name test comes before the -type test in order to avoid  hav‐
              ing to call stat(2) on every file.

       Note that there is still a race between the time find traverses the hier‐
       archy printing the matching filenames, and the time the process  executed
       by xargs works with that file. h for help or q to quit)

   Processing arbitrary starting points
       •      Given  that  another program proggy pre-filters and creates a huge
              NUL-separated list of files, process those as starting points, and
              find all regular, empty files among them:

                  $ proggy | find -files0-from - -maxdepth 0 -type f -empty

              The  use of `-files0-from -` means to read the names of the start‐
              ing  points  from  standard  input,  i.e.,  from  the  pipe;   and
              -maxdepth 0  ensures  that only explicitly those entries are exam‐
              ined without recursing into directories (in the case  one  of  the
              starting points is one).

   Executing a command for each file
       •      Run file on every file in or below the current directory.
 Manual page find(1) line 1435 (press h for help or q to quit)
                  $ find . -type f -exec file '{}' \;

              Notice  that the braces are enclosed in single quote marks to pro‐
              tect them from interpretation as shell  script  punctuation.   The
              semicolon is similarly protected by the use of a backslash, though
              single quotes could have been used in that case also.

       In many cases, one might prefer the `-exec ... +`  or  better  the  `-ex‐
       ecdir ... +` syntax for performance and security reasons.

   Traversing the filesystem just once - for 2 different actions
       •      Traverse  the  filesystem just once, listing set-user-ID files and
              directories   into   /root/suid.txt   and   large    files    into
              /root/big.txt.

                  $ find / \
                      \( -perm -4000 -fprintf /root/suid.txt '%#m %u %p\n' \) , \
                      \( -size +100M -fprintf /root/big.txt '%-10s %p\n' \)

              This example uses the line-continuation character '\' on the first
              two lines to instruct the shell to continue reading the command on
              the next line.

   Searching files by age
       •      Search  for  files in your home directory which have been modified
              in the last twenty-four hours.

                  $ find $HOME -mtime 0

              This command works this way because the time since each  file  was
              last  modified  is  divided  by 24 hours and any remainder is dis‐
              carded.  That means that to match -mtime 0, a file  will  have  to
              have a modification in the past which is less than 24 hours ago.
 Manual page find(1) line 1469 (press h for help or q to quit)
   Searching files by permissions
       •      Search for files which are executable but not readable.

                  $ find /sbin /usr/sbin -executable \! -readable -print

       •      Search  for  files  which have read and write permission for their
              owner, and group, but which other users can read but not write to.

                  $ find . -perm 664

              Files which meet these criteria but have  other  permissions  bits
              set  (for  example  if  someone  can execute the file) will not be
              matched.

       •      Search for files which have read and write  permission  for  their
              owner and group, and which other users can read, without regard to
              the presence of any extra permission bits (for  example  the  exe‐
              cutable bit).

                  $ find . -perm -664

              This will match a file which has mode 0777, for example.

       •      Search  for  files which are writable by somebody (their owner, or
              their group, or anybody else).

                  $ find . -perm /222

       •      Search for files which are writable by either their owner or their
              group.

                  $ find . -perm /220
                  $ find . -perm /u+w,g+w
                  $ find . -perm /u=w,g=wor help or q to quit)

              All  three  of these commands do the same thing, but the first one
              uses the octal representation of the file mode, and the other  two
              use  the  symbolic  form.   The files don't have to be writable by
              both the owner and group to be matched; either will do.

       •      Search for files which are writable by both their owner and  their
              group.

                  $ find . -perm -220
                  $ find . -perm -g+w,u+w

              Both these commands do the same thing.

       •      A more elaborate search on permissions.

                  $ find . -perm -444 -perm /222 \! -perm /111
                  $ find . -perm -a+r -perm /a+w \! -perm /a+x

              These two commands both search for files that are readable for ev‐
              erybody (-perm -444 or -perm -a+r), have at least  one  write  bit
              set  (-perm /222 or -perm /a+w) but are not executable for anybody
              (! -perm /111 or ! -perm /a+x respectively).

   Pruning - omitting files and subdirectories
       •      Copy the contents of /source-dir to /dest-dir, but omit files  and
              directories named .snapshot (and anything in them).  It also omits
              files or directories whose name ends in `~', but  not  their  con‐
              tents.

                  $ cd /source-dir
                  $ find . -name .snapshot -prune -o \( \! -name '*~' -print0 \) \
                      | cpio -pmd0 /dest-dir
 Manual page find(1) line 1537 (press h for help or q to quit)
              The  construct  -prune -o \( ... -print0 \)  is quite common.  The
              idea here is that the  expression  before  -prune  matches  things
              which are to be pruned.  However, the -prune action itself returns
              true, so the following -o ensures that  the  right  hand  side  is
              evaluated  only for those directories which didn't get pruned (the
              contents of the pruned directories are not even visited, so  their
              contents  are  irrelevant).  The expression on the right hand side
              of the -o is in parentheses only for clarity.  It emphasises  that
              the  -print0  action  takes place only for things that didn't have
              -prune applied to them.  Because the default `and'  condition  be‐
              tween  tests  binds more tightly than -o, this is the default any‐
              way, but the parentheses help to show what is going on.

       •      Given the following directory of projects and their associated SCM
              administrative  directories,  perform  an efficient search for the
              projects' roots:
 Manual page find(1) line 1554 (press h for help or q to quit)
                  $ find repo/ \
                      \( -exec test -d '{}/.svn' \; \
                      -or -exec test -d '{}/.git' \; \
                      -or -exec test -d '{}/CVS' \; \
                      \) -print -prune

              Sample output:

                  repo/project1/CVS
                  repo/gnu/project2/.svn
                  repo/gnu/project3/.svn
                  repo/gnu/project3/src/.svn
                  repo/project4/.git

              In this example, -prune prevents unnecessary descent into directo‐
              ries  that  have  already  been  discovered (for example we do not
              search project3/src because we already found  project3/.svn),  but
              ensures sibling directories (project2 and project3) are found.

   Other useful examples
       •      Search for several file types.

                  $ find /tmp -type f,d,l

              Search for files, directories, and symbolic links in the directory
              /tmp passing these types as a  comma-separated  list  (GNU  exten‐
              sion),  which is otherwise equivalent to the longer, yet more por‐
              table:

                  $ find /tmp \( -type f -o -type d -o -type l \)

       •      Search for files with the particular name needle and stop  immedi‐
              ately when we find the first one.
 Manual page find(1) line 1588 (press h for help or q to quit)
                  $ find / -name needle -print -quit

       •      Demonstrate  the interpretation of the %f and %h format directives
              of the -printf action for some corner-cases.  Here is  an  example
              including some output.

                  $ find . .. / /tmp /tmp/TRACE compile compile/64/tests/find -maxdepth 0 -printf '[%h][%f]\n'
                  [.][.]
                  [.][..]
                  [][/]
                  [][tmp]
                  [/tmp][TRACE]
                  [.][compile]
                  [compile/64/tests][find]

EXIT STATUSe find(1) line 1605 (press h for help or q to quit)
       find exits with status 0 if all files are processed successfully, greater
       than 0 if errors occur.  This is deliberately a very  broad  description,
       but  if the return value is non-zero, you should not rely on the correct‐
       ness of the results of find.

       When some error occurs, find may stop immediately, without completing all
       the  actions  specified.   For example, some starting points may not have
       been examined or some pending program invocations for  -exec ... {} +  or
       -execdir ... {} + may not have been performed.

HISTORY
       As  of  findutils-4.2.2, shell metacharacters (`*', `?' or `[]' for exam‐
       ple) used in filename patterns match a leading `.',  because  IEEE  POSIX
       interpretation 126 requires this.

       As of findutils-4.3.3, -perm /000 now matches all files instead of none.
 Manual page find(1) line 1621 (press h for help or q to quit)
       Nanosecond-resolution timestamps were implemented in findutils-4.3.3.

       As  of  findutils-4.3.11, the -delete action sets find's exit status to a
       nonzero value when it fails.  However, find will  not  exit  immediately.
       Previously, find's exit status was unaffected by the failure of -delete.

       Feature                Added in   Also occurs in
       -files0-from           4.9.0
       -newerXY               4.3.3      BSD
       -D                     4.3.1
       -O                     4.3.1
       -readable              4.3.0
       -writable              4.3.0
       -executable            4.3.0
       -regextype             4.2.24
       -exec ... +            4.2.12     POSIX
       -execdir               4.2.12     BSDhelp or q to quit)
       -okdir                 4.2.12
       -samefile              4.2.11
       -H                     4.2.5      POSIX
       -L                     4.2.5      POSIX
       -P                     4.2.5      BSD
       -delete                4.2.3
       -quit                  4.2.3
       -d                     4.2.3      BSD
       -wholename             4.2.0
       -iwholename            4.2.0
       -ignore_readdir_race   4.2.0
       -fls                   4.0
       -ilname                3.8
       -iname                 3.8
       -ipath                 3.8
       -iregex                3.8
 Manual page find(1) line 1655 (press h for help or q to quit)
       The  syntax  -perm  +MODE  was  removed in findutils-4.5.12, in favour of
       -perm /MODE.  The +MODE syntax had been deprecated since findutils-4.2.21
       which was released in 2005.

NON-BUGS
   Operator precedence surprises
       The  command  find  .  -name afile -o -name bfile -print will never print
       afile because this is actually equivalent to find .  -name  afile  -o  \(
       -name  bfile  -a -print \).  Remember that the precedence of -a is higher
       than that of -o and when there is no operator specified between tests, -a
       is assumed.

   “paths must precede expression” error message
       $ find . -name *.c -print
       find: paths must precede expression
       find: possible unquoted pattern after predicate `-name'?
 Manual page find(1) line 1672 (press h for help or q to quit)
       This happens when the shell could expand the pattern *.c to more than one
       file name existing in the current directory, and  passing  the  resulting
       file names in the command line to find like this:
       find . -name frcode.c locate.c word_io.c -print
       That  command is of course not going to work, because the -name predicate
       allows exactly only one pattern as argument.   Instead  of  doing  things
       this  way,  you  should enclose the pattern in quotes or escape the wild‐
       card, thus allowing find to use the pattern with the wildcard during  the
       search  for file name matching instead of file names expanded by the par‐
       ent shell:
       $ find . -name '*.c' -print
       $ find . -name \*.c -print

BUGS
       There are security problems inherent in  the  behaviour  that  the  POSIX
       standard  specifies for find, which therefore cannot be fixed.  For exam‐
       ple, the -exec action is inherently insecure, and -execdir should be used
       instead.

       The environment variable LC_COLLATE has no effect on the -ok action.

REPORTING BUGS
       GNU  findutils online help: <https://www.gnu.org/software/findutils/#get-
       help>
       Report any translation bugs to <https://translationproject.org/team/>

       Report any other issue via the form at the GNU Savannah bug tracker:
              <https://savannah.gnu.org/bugs/?group=findutils>
       General topics about the GNU  findutils  package  are  discussed  at  the
       bug-findutils mailing list:
              <https://lists.gnu.org/mailman/listinfo/bug-findutils>

COPYRIGHT
       Copyright © 1990-2022 Free Software Foundation, Inc.  License GPLv3+: GNU
       GPL version 3 or later <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
       This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.  There
       is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

SEE ALSO
       chmod(1),  locate(1),  ls(1),  updatedb(1),  xargs(1), lstat(2), stat(2),
       ctime(3) fnmatch(3), printf(3), strftime(3), locatedb(5), regex(7)

       Full documentation <https://www.gnu.org/software/findutils/find>
       or available locally via: info find

                                                                         FIND(1)
 Manual page find(1) line 1719/1735 (END) (press h for help or q to quit)
>DEVOPS25/lektion21) line 1719/1735 (END) (press h for help or q to quit)
$ DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ find / -iname '3hej.txt

find: ‘/lost+found’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/log/speech-dispatcher’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/log/exim4’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/log/tor’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/log/gdm3’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/log/swtpm’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/log/private’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/cache/apparmor/ac27e0ee.0’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/cache/apparmor/201d1af9.0’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/cache/tailscale’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/cache/ldconfig’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/cache/libvirt’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/cache/cups’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/cache/private’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/machines’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/NetworkManager’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/tailscale’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/polkit-1’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/udisks2’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/bluetooth’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/AccountsService/users’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/containerd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/libvirt/boot’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/libvirt/sanlock’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/libvirt/swtpm’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/libvirt/qemu/ram/4-ubuntu22.04’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/libvirt/qemu/ram/9-win11’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/portables’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/lightdm’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/fwupd/gnupg’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/tor’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/gdm3’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/apt/lists/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/standard’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/containers’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/nfs/nfsdcld’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/nfs/nfsdcltrack’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/swtpm-localca’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/lib/private’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/spool/cron/crontabs’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/spool/exim4’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/spool/cups’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-bluetooth.service-PG1TEm’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-tor@default.service-H2FIN1’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-systemd-timesyncd.service-iTJarI’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-colord.service-7aQkfW’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-low-memory-monitor.service-TQUaHm’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/buildah1459057715/mnt’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-bolt.service-mCFKWL’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-ModemManager.service-ccafjU’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-systemd-logind.service-bLzjAk’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-geoclue.service-cADlDy’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-switcheroo-control.service-oDvs5W’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-upower.service-41zlm9’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-fwupd.service-O1cl7h’: Permission denied
find: ‘/var/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-power-profiles-daemon.service-0wR3SM’: Permission denied
find: ‘/.cache’: Permission denied
find: ‘/opt/containerd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/exim4’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/docker’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/containerd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/libpod’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/containers’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/gdm3’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/udisks2’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/libvirt/nwfilter-binding’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/libvirt/nwfilter’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/libvirt/nodedev’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/libvirt/secrets’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/libvirt/interface’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/libvirt/common’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/cups/certs’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/user/1000/systemd/inaccessible/dir’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/sudo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/podman’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/lvm’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/credentials/systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/credentials/systemd-sysctl.service’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/credentials/systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/credentials/systemd-sysusers.service’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/systemd/propagate’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/systemd/unit-root’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/systemd/inaccessible/dir’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/lock/lvm’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/cryptsetup’: Permission denied
find: ‘/run/initramfs’: Permission denied
find: ‘/usr/share/polkit-1/rules.d’: Permission denied
find: ‘/media/root’: Permission denied
find: ‘/boot/efi’: Permission denied
find: ‘/boot/lost+found’: Permission denied
find: ‘/etc/polkit-1/localauthority’: Permission denied
find: ‘/etc/polkit-1/rules.d’: Permission denied
find: ‘/etc/ssl/private’: Permission denied
find: ‘/etc/libvirt/secrets’: Permission denied
find: ‘/etc/containers/networks’: Permission denied
find: ‘/etc/cups/ssl’: Permission denied
find: ‘/sys/kernel/tracing’: Permission denied
find: ‘/sys/kernel/debug’: Permission denied
find: ‘/sys/fs/pstore’: Permission denied
find: ‘/sys/fs/bpf’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/lost+found’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/051f8c9b7b645891565f1585d7865d402196f5680da403f33865a9dbe864a626/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/4bc8e012d83252b55244e679cfa7ba1302c01e1aa55fcdac41df6737f7d740ec/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/01f0f5f14b7fc9c570473861dff5773ad2da9489857e1103cbd71322089115ad/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/2d0237418e2ec23c8fb84f52e81fb033403737236390ee1de6e5de4f016c51ca/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/1a77a3023b3d3a1ac0a24e580440a8ec16a19a001aa9b7ba5c9326bd9c31fa5a/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/f42c321839e413d703afb63e048d20cadbed1cee5ca71f140f92ffe0780a6b12/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/362354b2cbccf1242e6afda07eaf50d1e06b70ba00c1db8a62fac9728ad392a6/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/69707ad340e2989a3dedcf353a7580d722ed7d70da61d78109e81d41b7a04833/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/d6b1af614e34da4923987e792be49ea32fa13d8d526632fa2e8d2a5a0bda0fd0/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/fb20d6d7275e6091e6ae4ddb4b97ad011ee498866f938df94663d2fdd73c8241/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/containers/storage/vfs/dir/5efa9c14b214216ef3c21c51c8f22488ab6a9dca24338ad4491b6b7b1bfef2c1/var/cache/apt/archives/partial’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/mariadb/data/sys’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/mariadb/data/scratch’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/mariadb/data/mysql’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/mariadb/data/performance_schema’: Permission denied
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/DEVOPS25/lektion2/lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt
find: ‘/shared/docker’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/libvirt/boot’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/libvirt/sanlock’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/libvirt/swtpm’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/libvirt/qemu/ram/4-ubuntu22.04’: Permission denied
find: ‘/shared/libvirt/qemu/ram/9-win11’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/fs/nfsd/clients’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/tty/driver’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1/task/1/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1/task/1/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1/task/1/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2/task/2/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2/task/2/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2/task/2/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3/task/3/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3/task/3/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3/task/3/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4/task/4/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4/task/4/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4/task/4/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/5/task/5/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/5/task/5/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/5/task/5/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/5/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/5/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/5/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/5/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/6/task/6/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/6/task/6/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/6/task/6/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/6/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/6/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/6/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/6/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/8/task/8/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/8/task/8/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/8/task/8/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/8/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/8/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/8/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/8/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/10/task/10/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/10/task/10/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/10/task/10/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/10/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/10/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/10/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/10/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/11/task/11/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/11/task/11/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/11/task/11/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/11/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/11/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/11/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/11/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/12/task/12/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/12/task/12/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/12/task/12/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/12/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/12/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/12/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/12/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/13/task/13/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/13/task/13/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/13/task/13/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/13/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/13/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/13/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/13/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/14/task/14/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/14/task/14/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/14/task/14/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/14/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/14/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/14/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/14/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/15/task/15/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/15/task/15/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/15/task/15/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/15/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/15/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/15/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/15/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/16/task/16/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/16/task/16/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/16/task/16/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/16/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/16/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/16/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/16/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/18/task/18/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/18/task/18/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/18/task/18/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/18/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/18/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/18/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/18/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/19/task/19/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/19/task/19/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/19/task/19/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/19/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/19/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/19/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/19/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20/task/20/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20/task/20/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20/task/20/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21/task/21/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21/task/21/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21/task/21/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/23/task/23/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/23/task/23/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/23/task/23/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/23/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/23/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/23/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/23/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/24/task/24/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/24/task/24/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/24/task/24/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/24/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/24/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/24/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/24/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/25/task/25/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/25/task/25/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/25/task/25/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/25/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/25/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/25/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/25/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26/task/26/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26/task/26/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26/task/26/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28/task/28/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28/task/28/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28/task/28/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/29/task/29/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/29/task/29/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/29/task/29/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/29/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/29/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/29/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/29/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/30/task/30/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/30/task/30/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/30/task/30/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/30/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/30/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/30/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/30/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31/task/31/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31/task/31/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31/task/31/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33/task/33/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33/task/33/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33/task/33/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34/task/34/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34/task/34/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34/task/34/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35/task/35/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35/task/35/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35/task/35/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/36/task/36/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/36/task/36/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/36/task/36/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/36/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/36/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/36/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/36/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/38/task/38/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/38/task/38/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/38/task/38/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/38/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/38/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/38/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/38/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/39/task/39/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/39/task/39/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/39/task/39/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/39/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/39/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/39/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/39/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/40/task/40/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/40/task/40/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/40/task/40/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/40/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/40/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/40/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/40/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/41/task/41/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/41/task/41/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/41/task/41/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/41/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/41/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/41/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/41/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/43/task/43/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/43/task/43/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/43/task/43/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/43/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/43/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/43/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/43/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/44/task/44/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/44/task/44/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/44/task/44/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/44/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/44/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/44/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/44/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/45/task/45/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/45/task/45/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/45/task/45/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/45/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/45/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/45/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/45/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46/task/46/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46/task/46/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46/task/46/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48/task/48/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48/task/48/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48/task/48/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/49/task/49/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/49/task/49/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/49/task/49/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/49/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/49/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/49/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/49/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50/task/50/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50/task/50/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50/task/50/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51/task/51/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51/task/51/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51/task/51/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53/task/53/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53/task/53/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53/task/53/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54/task/54/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54/task/54/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54/task/54/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55/task/55/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55/task/55/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55/task/55/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56/task/56/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56/task/56/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56/task/56/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58/task/58/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58/task/58/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58/task/58/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/59/task/59/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/59/task/59/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/59/task/59/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/59/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/59/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/59/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/59/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/60/task/60/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/60/task/60/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/60/task/60/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/60/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/60/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/60/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/60/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/61/task/61/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/61/task/61/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/61/task/61/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/61/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/61/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/61/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/61/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/63/task/63/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/63/task/63/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/63/task/63/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/63/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/63/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/63/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/63/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/64/task/64/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/64/task/64/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/64/task/64/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/64/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/64/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/64/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/64/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/65/task/65/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/65/task/65/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/65/task/65/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/65/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/65/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/65/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/65/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/66/task/66/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/66/task/66/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/66/task/66/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/66/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/66/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/66/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/66/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/68/task/68/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/68/task/68/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/68/task/68/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/68/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/68/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/68/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/68/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/69/task/69/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/69/task/69/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/69/task/69/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/69/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/69/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/69/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/69/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/70/task/70/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/70/task/70/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/70/task/70/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/70/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/70/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/70/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/70/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/71/task/71/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/71/task/71/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/71/task/71/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/71/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/71/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/71/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/71/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/73/task/73/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/73/task/73/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/73/task/73/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/73/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/73/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/73/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/73/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/84/task/84/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/84/task/84/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/84/task/84/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/84/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/84/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/84/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/84/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/85/task/85/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/85/task/85/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/85/task/85/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/85/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/85/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/85/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/85/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/86/task/86/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/86/task/86/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/86/task/86/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/86/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/86/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/86/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/86/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/87/task/87/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/87/task/87/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/87/task/87/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/87/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/87/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/87/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/87/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/88/task/88/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/88/task/88/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/88/task/88/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/88/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/88/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/88/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/88/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/89/task/89/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/89/task/89/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/89/task/89/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/89/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/89/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/89/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/89/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/90/task/90/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/90/task/90/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/90/task/90/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/90/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/90/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/90/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/90/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/91/task/91/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/91/task/91/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/91/task/91/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/91/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/91/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/91/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/91/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/92/task/92/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/92/task/92/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/92/task/92/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/92/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/92/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/92/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/92/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/93/task/93/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/93/task/93/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/93/task/93/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/93/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/93/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/93/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/93/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/94/task/94/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/94/task/94/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/94/task/94/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/94/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/94/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/94/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/94/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/95/task/95/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/95/task/95/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/95/task/95/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/95/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/95/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/95/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/95/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/96/task/96/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/96/task/96/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/96/task/96/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/96/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/96/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/96/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/96/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/97/task/97/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/97/task/97/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/97/task/97/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/97/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/97/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/97/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/97/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/98/task/98/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/98/task/98/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/98/task/98/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/98/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/98/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/98/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/98/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/100/task/100/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/100/task/100/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/100/task/100/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/100/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/100/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/100/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/100/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/109/task/109/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/109/task/109/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/109/task/109/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/109/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/109/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/109/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/109/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/110/task/110/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/110/task/110/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/110/task/110/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/110/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/110/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/110/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/110/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/111/task/111/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/111/task/111/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/111/task/111/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/111/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/111/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/111/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/111/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/117/task/117/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/117/task/117/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/117/task/117/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/117/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/117/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/117/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/117/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/119/task/119/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/119/task/119/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/119/task/119/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/119/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/119/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/119/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/119/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/120/task/120/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/120/task/120/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/120/task/120/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/120/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/120/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/120/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/120/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/121/task/121/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/121/task/121/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/121/task/121/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/121/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/121/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/121/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/121/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/122/task/122/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/122/task/122/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/122/task/122/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/122/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/122/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/122/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/122/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/123/task/123/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/123/task/123/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/123/task/123/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/123/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/123/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/123/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/123/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/125/task/125/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/125/task/125/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/125/task/125/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/125/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/125/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/125/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/125/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/126/task/126/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/126/task/126/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/126/task/126/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/126/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/126/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/126/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/126/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/127/task/127/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/127/task/127/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/127/task/127/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/127/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/127/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/127/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/127/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/132/task/132/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/132/task/132/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/132/task/132/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/132/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/132/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/132/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/132/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/137/task/137/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/137/task/137/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/137/task/137/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/137/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/137/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/137/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/137/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/204/task/204/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/204/task/204/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/204/task/204/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/204/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/204/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/204/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/204/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/205/task/205/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/205/task/205/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/205/task/205/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/205/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/205/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/205/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/205/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/206/task/206/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/206/task/206/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/206/task/206/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/206/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/206/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/206/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/206/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/207/task/207/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/207/task/207/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/207/task/207/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/207/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/207/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/207/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/207/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/208/task/208/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/208/task/208/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/208/task/208/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/208/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/208/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/208/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/208/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/209/task/209/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/209/task/209/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/209/task/209/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/209/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/209/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/209/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/209/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/210/task/210/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/210/task/210/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/210/task/210/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/210/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/210/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/210/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/210/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/211/task/211/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/211/task/211/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/211/task/211/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/211/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/211/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/211/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/211/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/212/task/212/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/212/task/212/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/212/task/212/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/212/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/212/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/212/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/212/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/213/task/213/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/213/task/213/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/213/task/213/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/213/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/213/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/213/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/213/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/240/task/240/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/240/task/240/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/240/task/240/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/240/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/240/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/240/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/240/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/325/task/325/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/325/task/325/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/325/task/325/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/325/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/325/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/325/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/325/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/326/task/326/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/326/task/326/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/326/task/326/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/326/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/326/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/326/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/326/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/327/task/327/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/327/task/327/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/327/task/327/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/327/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/327/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/327/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/327/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/334/task/334/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/334/task/334/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/334/task/334/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/334/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/334/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/334/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/334/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/336/task/336/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/336/task/336/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/336/task/336/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/336/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/336/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/336/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/336/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/337/task/337/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/337/task/337/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/337/task/337/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/337/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/337/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/337/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/337/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/338/task/338/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/338/task/338/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/338/task/338/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/338/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/338/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/338/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/338/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/339/task/339/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/339/task/339/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/339/task/339/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/339/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/339/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/339/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/339/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/347/task/347/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/347/task/347/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/347/task/347/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/347/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/347/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/347/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/347/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/352/task/352/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/352/task/352/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/352/task/352/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/352/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/352/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/352/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/352/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/362/task/362/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/362/task/362/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/362/task/362/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/362/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/362/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/362/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/362/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/619/task/619/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/619/task/619/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/619/task/619/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/619/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/619/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/619/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/619/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/620/task/620/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/620/task/620/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/620/task/620/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/620/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/620/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/620/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/620/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/621/task/621/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/621/task/621/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/621/task/621/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/621/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/621/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/621/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/621/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/622/task/622/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/622/task/622/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/622/task/622/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/622/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/622/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/622/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/622/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/811/task/811/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/811/task/811/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/811/task/811/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/811/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/811/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/811/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/811/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/812/task/812/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/812/task/812/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/812/task/812/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/812/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/812/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/812/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/812/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/877/task/877/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/877/task/877/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/877/task/877/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/877/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/877/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/877/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/877/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/892/task/892/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/892/task/892/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/892/task/892/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/892/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/892/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/892/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/892/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/895/task/895/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/895/task/895/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/895/task/895/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/895/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/895/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/895/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/895/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/896/task/896/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/896/task/896/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/896/task/896/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/896/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/896/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/896/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/896/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1083/task/1083/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1083/task/1083/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1083/task/1083/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1083/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1083/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1083/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1083/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1084/task/1084/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1084/task/1084/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1084/task/1084/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1084/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1084/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1084/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1084/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1164/task/1164/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1164/task/1164/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1164/task/1164/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1164/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1164/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1164/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1164/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1167/task/1167/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1167/task/1167/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1167/task/1167/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1167/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1167/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1167/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1167/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1168/task/1168/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1168/task/1168/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1168/task/1168/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1168/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1168/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1168/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1168/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1169/task/1169/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1169/task/1169/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1169/task/1169/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1169/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1169/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1169/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1169/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1170/task/1170/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1170/task/1170/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1170/task/1170/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1170/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1170/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1170/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1170/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1171/task/1171/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1171/task/1171/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1171/task/1171/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1171/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1171/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1171/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1171/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1172/task/1172/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1172/task/1172/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1172/task/1172/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1172/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1172/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1172/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1172/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1173/task/1173/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1173/task/1173/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1173/task/1173/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1173/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1173/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1173/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1173/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1174/task/1174/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1174/task/1174/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1174/task/1174/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1174/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1174/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1174/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1174/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1175/task/1175/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1175/task/1175/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1175/task/1175/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1175/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1175/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1175/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1175/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1176/task/1176/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1176/task/1176/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1176/task/1176/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1176/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1176/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1176/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1176/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1177/task/1177/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1177/task/1177/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1177/task/1177/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1177/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1177/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1177/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1177/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1178/task/1178/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1178/task/1178/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1178/task/1178/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1178/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1178/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1178/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1178/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1179/task/1179/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1179/task/1179/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1179/task/1179/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1179/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1179/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1179/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1179/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1180/task/1180/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1180/task/1180/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1180/task/1180/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1180/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1180/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1180/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1180/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1188/task/1188/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1188/task/1188/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1188/task/1188/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1188/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1188/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1188/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1188/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1256/task/1256/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1256/task/1256/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1256/task/1256/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1256/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1256/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1256/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1256/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1257/task/1257/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1257/task/1257/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1257/task/1257/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1257/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1257/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1257/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1257/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1393/task/1393/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1393/task/1393/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1393/task/1393/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1393/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1393/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1393/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1393/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1394/task/1394/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1394/task/1394/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1394/task/1394/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1394/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1394/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1394/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1394/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1395/task/1395/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1395/task/1395/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1395/task/1395/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1395/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1395/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1395/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1395/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1396/task/1396/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1396/task/1396/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1396/task/1396/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1396/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1396/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1396/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1396/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1404/task/1404/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1404/task/1404/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1404/task/1404/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1404/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1404/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1404/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1404/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1405/task/1405/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1405/task/1405/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1405/task/1405/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1405/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1405/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1405/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1405/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1480/task/1480/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1480/task/1480/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1480/task/1480/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1480/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1480/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1480/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1480/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1481/task/1481/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1481/task/1481/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1481/task/1481/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1481/task/1489/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1481/task/1489/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1481/task/1489/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1481/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1481/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1481/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1481/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1486/task/1486/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1486/task/1486/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1486/task/1486/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1486/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1486/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1486/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1486/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1487/task/1487/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1487/task/1487/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1487/task/1487/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1487/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1487/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1487/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1487/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1488/task/1488/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1488/task/1488/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1488/task/1488/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1488/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1488/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1488/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1488/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/task/1491/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/task/1491/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/task/1491/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/task/1518/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/task/1518/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/task/1518/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/task/1537/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/task/1537/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/task/1537/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1491/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1493/task/1493/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1493/task/1493/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1493/task/1493/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1493/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1493/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1493/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1493/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1495/task/1495/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1495/task/1495/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1495/task/1495/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1495/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1495/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1495/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1495/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1496/task/1496/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1496/task/1496/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1496/task/1496/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1496/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1496/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1496/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1496/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1497/task/1497/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1497/task/1497/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1497/task/1497/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1497/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1497/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1497/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1497/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/task/1499/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/task/1499/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/task/1499/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/task/1520/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/task/1520/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/task/1520/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/task/1532/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/task/1532/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/task/1532/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1499/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/task/1501/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/task/1501/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/task/1501/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/task/1514/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/task/1514/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/task/1514/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/task/1533/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/task/1533/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/task/1533/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1501/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/task/1502/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/task/1502/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/task/1502/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/task/1525/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/task/1525/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/task/1525/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/task/1534/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/task/1534/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/task/1534/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1502/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1503/task/1503/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1503/task/1503/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1503/task/1503/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1503/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1503/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1503/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1503/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/task/1504/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/task/1504/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/task/1504/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/task/1530/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/task/1530/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/task/1530/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/task/1541/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/task/1541/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/task/1541/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1504/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1505/task/1505/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1505/task/1505/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1505/task/1505/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1505/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1505/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1505/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1505/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1506/task/1506/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1506/task/1506/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1506/task/1506/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1506/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1506/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1506/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1506/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1508/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1508/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1508/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1522/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1522/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1522/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1535/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1535/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1535/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1591/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1591/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1591/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1660/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1660/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/task/1660/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1508/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1511/task/1511/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1511/task/1511/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1511/task/1511/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1511/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1511/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1511/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1511/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1536/task/1536/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1536/task/1536/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1536/task/1536/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1536/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1536/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1536/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1536/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/task/1542/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/task/1542/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/task/1542/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/task/1588/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/task/1588/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/task/1588/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/task/1590/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/task/1590/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/task/1590/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1542/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1552/task/1552/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1552/task/1552/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1552/task/1552/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1552/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1552/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1552/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1552/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/task/1576/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/task/1576/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/task/1576/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/task/1602/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/task/1602/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/task/1602/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/task/1621/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/task/1621/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/task/1621/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1576/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/task/1578/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/task/1578/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/task/1578/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/task/1598/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/task/1598/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/task/1598/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/task/1601/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/task/1601/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/task/1601/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1578/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1595/task/1595/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1595/task/1595/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1595/task/1595/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1595/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1595/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1595/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1595/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1609/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1609/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1609/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1637/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1637/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1637/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1639/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1639/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1639/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1640/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1640/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1640/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1644/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1644/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1644/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1952/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1952/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1952/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1953/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1953/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1953/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1954/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1954/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1954/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1955/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1955/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1955/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1956/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1956/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1956/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1957/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1957/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1957/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1958/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1958/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1958/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1959/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1959/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/1959/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2129/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2129/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2129/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2144/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2144/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2144/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2149/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2149/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2149/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2151/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2151/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/2151/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/3700/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/3700/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/task/3700/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1609/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1610/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1610/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1610/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1652/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1652/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1652/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1654/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1654/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1654/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1655/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1655/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1655/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1656/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1656/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1656/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1657/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1657/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1657/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1704/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1704/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1704/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1705/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1705/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1705/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1706/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1706/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1706/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1707/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1707/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1707/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1708/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1708/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/1708/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3314/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3314/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3314/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3315/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3315/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3315/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3317/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3317/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3317/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3318/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3318/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/task/3318/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1610/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1631/task/1631/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1631/task/1631/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1631/task/1631/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1631/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1631/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1631/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1631/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/task/1665/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/task/1665/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/task/1665/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/task/1673/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/task/1673/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/task/1673/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/task/1674/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/task/1674/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/task/1674/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1665/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1950/task/1950/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1950/task/1950/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1950/task/1950/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1950/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1950/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1950/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1950/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1963/task/1963/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1963/task/1963/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1963/task/1963/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1963/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1963/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1963/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1963/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/task/1980/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/task/1980/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/task/1980/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/task/2052/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/task/2052/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/task/2052/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/task/2053/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/task/2053/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/task/2053/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/1980/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2236/task/2236/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2236/task/2236/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2236/task/2236/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2236/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2236/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2236/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2236/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2237/task/2237/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2237/task/2237/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2237/task/2237/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2237/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2237/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2237/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2237/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2263/task/2263/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2263/task/2263/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2263/task/2263/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2263/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2263/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2263/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2263/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/task/2277/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/task/2277/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/task/2277/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/task/2282/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/task/2282/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/task/2282/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/task/2283/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/task/2283/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/task/2283/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2277/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/2355/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/2355/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/2355/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/2359/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/2359/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/2359/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/2361/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/2361/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/2361/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/4150/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/4150/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/4150/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/58883/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/58883/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/task/58883/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2355/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/task/2371/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/task/2371/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/task/2371/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/task/2386/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/task/2386/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/task/2386/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/task/2388/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/task/2388/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/task/2388/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2371/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/task/2767/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/task/2767/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/task/2767/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/task/3113/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/task/3113/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/task/3113/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/task/3114/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/task/3114/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/task/3114/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2767/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2768/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2768/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2768/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2880/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2880/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2880/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2881/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2881/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2881/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2882/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2882/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2882/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2884/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2884/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2884/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2886/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2886/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/2886/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3079/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3079/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3079/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3080/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3080/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3080/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3081/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3081/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3081/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3082/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3082/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3082/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3083/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3083/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3083/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3084/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3084/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3084/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3085/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3085/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3085/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3086/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3086/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3086/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3332/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3332/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3332/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3357/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3357/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/task/3357/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2768/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2787/task/2787/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2787/task/2787/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2787/task/2787/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2787/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2787/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2787/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2787/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2789/task/2789/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2789/task/2789/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2789/task/2789/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2789/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2789/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2789/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2789/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2822/task/2822/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2822/task/2822/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2822/task/2822/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2822/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2822/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2822/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2822/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/2890/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/2890/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/2890/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3319/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3319/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3319/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3320/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3320/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3320/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3321/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3321/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3321/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3322/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3322/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3322/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3323/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3323/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3323/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3324/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3324/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3324/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3325/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3325/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3325/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3326/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3326/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3326/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3327/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3327/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3327/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3328/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3328/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3328/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3329/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3329/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3329/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3330/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3330/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/task/3330/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/2890/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3087/task/3087/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3087/task/3087/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3087/task/3087/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3087/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3087/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3087/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3087/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3088/task/3088/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3088/task/3088/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3088/task/3088/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3088/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3088/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3088/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3088/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3089/task/3089/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3089/task/3089/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3089/task/3089/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3089/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3089/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3089/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3089/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3090/task/3090/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3090/task/3090/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3090/task/3090/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3090/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3090/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3090/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3090/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3091/task/3091/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3091/task/3091/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3091/task/3091/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3091/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3091/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3091/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3091/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3092/task/3092/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3092/task/3092/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3092/task/3092/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3092/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3092/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3092/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3092/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3093/task/3093/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3093/task/3093/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3093/task/3093/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3093/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3093/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3093/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3093/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3094/task/3094/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3094/task/3094/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3094/task/3094/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3094/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3094/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3094/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3094/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3282/task/3282/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3282/task/3282/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3282/task/3282/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3282/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3282/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3282/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3282/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/task/3365/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/task/3365/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/task/3365/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/task/3366/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/task/3366/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/task/3366/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/task/3368/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/task/3368/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/task/3368/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3365/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3379/task/3379/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3379/task/3379/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3379/task/3379/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3379/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3379/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3379/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3379/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3597/task/3597/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3597/task/3597/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3597/task/3597/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3597/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3597/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3597/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/3597/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4192/task/4192/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4192/task/4192/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4192/task/4192/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4192/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4192/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4192/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4192/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4398/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4398/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4398/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4406/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4406/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4406/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4410/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4410/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4410/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4411/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4411/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4411/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4413/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4413/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/task/4413/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/4398/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/7372/task/7372/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/7372/task/7372/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/7372/task/7372/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/7372/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/7372/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/7372/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/7372/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/17925/task/17925/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/17925/task/17925/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/17925/task/17925/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/17925/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/17925/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/17925/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/17925/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20930/task/20930/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20930/task/20930/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20930/task/20930/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20930/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20930/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20930/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/20930/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21253/task/21253/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21253/task/21253/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21253/task/21253/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21253/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21253/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21253/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21253/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21321/task/21321/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21321/task/21321/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21321/task/21321/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21321/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21321/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21321/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21321/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21692/task/21692/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21692/task/21692/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21692/task/21692/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21692/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21692/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21692/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/21692/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/22447/task/22447/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/22447/task/22447/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/22447/task/22447/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/22447/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/22447/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/22447/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/22447/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26761/task/26761/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26761/task/26761/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26761/task/26761/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26761/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26761/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26761/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/26761/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/27711/task/27711/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/27711/task/27711/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/27711/task/27711/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/27711/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/27711/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/27711/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/27711/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28202/task/28202/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28202/task/28202/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28202/task/28202/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28202/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28202/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28202/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/28202/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31489/task/31489/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31489/task/31489/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31489/task/31489/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31489/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31489/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31489/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/31489/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/32774/task/32774/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/32774/task/32774/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/32774/task/32774/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/32774/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/32774/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/32774/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/32774/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33072/task/33072/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33072/task/33072/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33072/task/33072/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33072/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33072/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33072/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33072/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33092/task/33092/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33092/task/33092/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33092/task/33092/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33092/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33092/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33092/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/33092/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34615/task/34615/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34615/task/34615/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34615/task/34615/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34615/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34615/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34615/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/34615/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35519/task/35519/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35519/task/35519/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35519/task/35519/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35519/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35519/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35519/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35519/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35819/task/35819/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35819/task/35819/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35819/task/35819/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35819/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35819/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35819/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/35819/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37063/task/37063/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37063/task/37063/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37063/task/37063/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37063/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37063/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37063/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37063/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37065/task/37065/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37065/task/37065/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37065/task/37065/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37065/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37065/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37065/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37065/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37072/task/37072/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37072/task/37072/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37072/task/37072/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37072/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37072/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37072/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37072/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37275/task/37275/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37275/task/37275/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37275/task/37275/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37275/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37275/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37275/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/37275/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46209/task/46209/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46209/task/46209/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46209/task/46209/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46209/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46209/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46209/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46209/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46436/task/46436/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46436/task/46436/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46436/task/46436/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46436/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46436/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46436/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/46436/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48301/task/48301/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48301/task/48301/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48301/task/48301/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48301/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48301/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48301/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/48301/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50036/task/50036/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50036/task/50036/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50036/task/50036/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50036/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50036/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50036/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50036/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50805/task/50805/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50805/task/50805/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50805/task/50805/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50805/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50805/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50805/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/50805/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51600/task/51600/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51600/task/51600/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51600/task/51600/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51600/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51600/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51600/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51600/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51776/task/51776/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51776/task/51776/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51776/task/51776/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51776/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51776/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51776/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51776/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51954/task/51954/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51954/task/51954/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51954/task/51954/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51954/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51954/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51954/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/51954/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/52483/task/52483/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/52483/task/52483/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/52483/task/52483/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/52483/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/52483/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/52483/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/52483/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53609/task/53609/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53609/task/53609/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53609/task/53609/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53609/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53609/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53609/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/53609/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54870/task/54870/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54870/task/54870/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54870/task/54870/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54870/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54870/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54870/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/54870/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55020/task/55020/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55020/task/55020/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55020/task/55020/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55020/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55020/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55020/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55020/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55021/task/55021/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55021/task/55021/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55021/task/55021/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55021/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55021/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55021/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55021/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55022/task/55022/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55022/task/55022/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55022/task/55022/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55022/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55022/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55022/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55022/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55023/task/55023/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55023/task/55023/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55023/task/55023/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55023/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55023/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55023/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55023/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55024/task/55024/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55024/task/55024/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55024/task/55024/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55024/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55024/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55024/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55024/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55356/task/55356/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55356/task/55356/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55356/task/55356/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55356/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55356/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55356/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/55356/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56725/task/56725/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56725/task/56725/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56725/task/56725/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56725/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56725/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56725/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56725/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56850/task/56850/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56850/task/56850/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56850/task/56850/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56850/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56850/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56850/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/56850/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/57283/task/57283/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/57283/task/57283/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/57283/task/57283/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/57283/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/57283/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/57283/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/57283/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58464/task/58464/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58464/task/58464/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58464/task/58464/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58464/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58464/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58464/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58464/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58495/task/58495/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58495/task/58495/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58495/task/58495/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58495/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58495/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58495/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58495/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58915/task/58915/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58915/task/58915/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58915/task/58915/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58915/fd’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58915/map_files’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58915/fdinfo’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58915/ns’: Permission denied
find: ‘/proc/58923’: No such file or directory
find: ‘/root’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-bolt.service-B09dCG’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-ModemManager.service-DHN0xH’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-geoclue.service-nqDSbV’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-switcheroo-control.service-PLaZer’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-systemd-logind.service-DUVfJ9’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/tracker-extract-3-files.113’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-upower.service-hRMQ5q’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-tor@default.service-P0vK6E’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-colord.service-qKmX2l’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-bluetooth.service-TWJeV3’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-systemd-timesyncd.service-OGAwCx’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-power-profiles-daemon.service-tihbbu’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-fwupd.service-N6cc8P’: Permission denied
find: ‘/tmp/systemd-private-4757b7c57e1049f19b48b46b4f84abf2-low-memory-monitor.service-HvQLfL’: Permission denied
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ find / -iname '3hej.txt' 2>/dev/minullDEVOPS25/lektion2
$ find / -iname '3hej.txt' 2>/dev/null
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/DEVOPS25/lektion2/lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ find / -iname '3hej.txt' 2>/dev/nulss*













/var/log/runit/ssh
/var/cache/apt/archives/openssh-sftp-server_1%3a9.2p1-2+deb12u9_amd64.deb
/var/cache/apt/archives/openssh-client_1%3a9.2p1-2+deb12u9_amd64.deb
/var/cache/apt/archives/openssh-server_1%3a9.2p1-2+deb12u9_amd64.deb
/var/cache/apt/archives/libssh-4_0.10.6-0+deb12u2_amd64.deb
/var/cache/apt/archives/libssh-gcrypt-4_0.10.6-0+deb12u2_amd64.deb
/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/ssh.service.dsh-also
/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/multi-user.target.wants/ssh.service
/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/sshd.service
/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/ssh.socket.dsh-also
/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-user-helper-enabled/graphical-session-pre.target.wants/gcr-ssh-agent.service
/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-user-helper-enabled/sockets.target.wants/gpg-agent-ssh.socket
/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-user-helper-enabled/sockets.target.wants/gcr-ssh-agent.socket
/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-user-helper-enabled/gcr-ssh-agent.socket.dsh-also
/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-user-helper-enabled/gcr-ssh-agent.service.dsh-also
/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-user-helper-enabled/gpg-agent-ssh.socket.dsh-also
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/bin/ssh-keygen
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/bin/ssh-keyscan
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/bin/ssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/bin/ssh-agent
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/bin/ssh-add
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/share/licenses/freedesktop-sdk/openssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/share/aclocal/ax_prog_ssh.m4
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/etc/ssh_config
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/libexec/ssh-keysign
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/libexec/ssh-pkcs11-helper
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/include/ibus-1.0/ibusshare.h
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/include/nss/nsshash.h
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Sdk/x86_64/25.08/37c47d7f28c28226e100f12b23e5bfce0a8a0a22f6d6dc720f202ab31bf49e05/files/include/gtk-3.0/gtk/gtkshortcutsshortcut.h
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/25.08/18c4d2cd492ef63f2ba38cd06de0149d2542404144a0e0f6ebe0dfe5f7dbb680/files/bin/ssh-keygen
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/25.08/18c4d2cd492ef63f2ba38cd06de0149d2542404144a0e0f6ebe0dfe5f7dbb680/files/bin/ssh-keyscan
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/25.08/18c4d2cd492ef63f2ba38cd06de0149d2542404144a0e0f6ebe0dfe5f7dbb680/files/bin/ssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/25.08/18c4d2cd492ef63f2ba38cd06de0149d2542404144a0e0f6ebe0dfe5f7dbb680/files/bin/ssh-agent
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/25.08/18c4d2cd492ef63f2ba38cd06de0149d2542404144a0e0f6ebe0dfe5f7dbb680/files/bin/ssh-add
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/25.08/18c4d2cd492ef63f2ba38cd06de0149d2542404144a0e0f6ebe0dfe5f7dbb680/files/share/licenses/freedesktop-sdk/openssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/25.08/18c4d2cd492ef63f2ba38cd06de0149d2542404144a0e0f6ebe0dfe5f7dbb680/files/etc/ssh_config
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/25.08/18c4d2cd492ef63f2ba38cd06de0149d2542404144a0e0f6ebe0dfe5f7dbb680/files/libexec/ssh-keysign
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/25.08/18c4d2cd492ef63f2ba38cd06de0149d2542404144a0e0f6ebe0dfe5f7dbb680/files/libexec/ssh-pkcs11-helper
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/24.08/8e2d609ad6f18f5e9eb119c6eddf5572e7d51fd54cf08baaaf24de823c58b0bf/files/bin/ssh-keygen
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/24.08/8e2d609ad6f18f5e9eb119c6eddf5572e7d51fd54cf08baaaf24de823c58b0bf/files/bin/ssh-keyscan
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/24.08/8e2d609ad6f18f5e9eb119c6eddf5572e7d51fd54cf08baaaf24de823c58b0bf/files/bin/ssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/24.08/8e2d609ad6f18f5e9eb119c6eddf5572e7d51fd54cf08baaaf24de823c58b0bf/files/bin/ssh-agent
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/24.08/8e2d609ad6f18f5e9eb119c6eddf5572e7d51fd54cf08baaaf24de823c58b0bf/files/bin/ssh-add
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/24.08/8e2d609ad6f18f5e9eb119c6eddf5572e7d51fd54cf08baaaf24de823c58b0bf/files/share/licenses/freedesktop-sdk/openssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/24.08/8e2d609ad6f18f5e9eb119c6eddf5572e7d51fd54cf08baaaf24de823c58b0bf/files/etc/ssh_config
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/24.08/8e2d609ad6f18f5e9eb119c6eddf5572e7d51fd54cf08baaaf24de823c58b0bf/files/libexec/ssh-sk-helper
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/24.08/8e2d609ad6f18f5e9eb119c6eddf5572e7d51fd54cf08baaaf24de823c58b0bf/files/libexec/ssh-keysign
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.freedesktop.Platform/x86_64/24.08/8e2d609ad6f18f5e9eb119c6eddf5572e7d51fd54cf08baaaf24de823c58b0bf/files/libexec/ssh-pkcs11-helper
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/lib/systemd/user/gcr-ssh-agent.service
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/lib/systemd/user/gcr-ssh-agent.socket
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/bin/ssh-keygen
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/bin/ssh-keyscan
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/bin/ssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/bin/ssh-agent
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/bin/ssh-add
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/crosshair
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-keygen
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/_ssh-inscribe
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-keyscan
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-copy-id
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/_sshi
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/autossh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/mussh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/sshow
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/sshmitm
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-add
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/bash-completion/completions/sshfs
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/share/licenses/freedesktop-sdk/openssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/etc/ssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/etc/ssh/ssh_config
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/libexec/gcr-ssh-askpass
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/libexec/gcr4-ssh-askpass
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/libexec/ssh-keysign
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/libexec/gcr-ssh-agent
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/50/14de0ea1fb79a70e254f6875ebabf4c113a97f52ef841f52fd1a42d9d533a899/files/libexec/ssh-pkcs11-helper
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/lib/systemd/user/gcr-ssh-agent.service
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/lib/systemd/user/gcr-ssh-agent.socket
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/bin/ssh-keygen
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/bin/ssh-keyscan
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/bin/ssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/bin/ssh-agent
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/bin/ssh-add
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/crosshair
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-keygen
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/_ssh-inscribe
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-keyscan
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-copy-id
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/_sshi
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/autossh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/mussh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/sshow
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/sshmitm
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-add
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/bash-completion/completions/sshfs
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/share/licenses/freedesktop-sdk/openssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/etc/ssh_config
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/libexec/gcr-ssh-askpass
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/libexec/gcr4-ssh-askpass
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/libexec/ssh-keysign
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/libexec/gcr-ssh-agent
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.gnome.Platform/x86_64/49/208f59eacb4a02cfc92b13f7afb43d7489793f32e5282ab230c56463380c77e4/files/libexec/ssh-pkcs11-helper
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/lib/qml/org/kde/newstuff/DownloadItemsSheet.qml
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/lib/qml/QtQuick/Dialogs/images/crosshairs.png
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/bin/ssh-keygen
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/bin/ssh-keyscan
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/bin/ssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/bin/ssh-agent
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/bin/ssh-add
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/share/icons/breeze/actions/22/crosshairs.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/share/icons/breeze/actions/16/crosshairs.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/share/icons/Breeze_Light/cursors/crosshair
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/crosshair
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/share/icons/breeze-dark/actions/22/crosshairs.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/share/icons/breeze-dark/actions/16/crosshairs.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/share/licenses/freedesktop-sdk/openssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/etc/ssh_config
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/libexec/ssh-keysign
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/5.15-25.08/1e9b0aa4623015cebd20350b36dc515124567b0f43c2235bd4ea8259fc2b18de/files/libexec/ssh-pkcs11-helper
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/lib/modules/LabsSharedImage.json
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/lib/qml/org/kde/newstuff/DownloadItemsSheet.qml
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libQt6LabsSharedImage.so
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libQt6LabsSharedImage.so.6
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libQt6LabsSharedImage.so.6.10.2
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/bin/ssh-keygen
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/bin/ssh-keyscan
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/bin/ssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/bin/ssh-agent
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/bin/ssh-add
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze/actions/22/crosshairs.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze/actions/22/crosshairs-symbolic.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze/actions/16/crosshairs.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze/actions/16/crosshairs-symbolic.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/Breeze_Light/cursors/crosshair
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/Breeze_Light/cursors_scalable/crosshair
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/Breeze_Light/cursors_scalable/crosshair/crosshair.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/crosshair
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors_scalable/crosshair
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors_scalable/crosshair/crosshair.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze-dark/actions/22/crosshairs.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze-dark/actions/22/crosshairs-symbolic.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze-dark/actions/16/crosshairs.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/icons/breeze-dark/actions/16/crosshairs-symbolic.svg
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/share/licenses/freedesktop-sdk/openssh
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/etc/ssh_config
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/libexec/ssh-keysign
/var/lib/flatpak/runtime/org.kde.Platform/x86_64/6.10/49bc183da466bec44bab4f6f641cab401584d1ee30872b428f46c3b8066527d3/files/libexec/ssh-pkcs11-helper
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/64x64/io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/64x64/io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/64x64/com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/64x64/io.github.basshift.Recall.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/64x64/com.voxdsp.SeriousShooter.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/64x64/org.mintguide.ssh-host-editor.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/128x128/io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/128x128/io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/128x128/com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/128x128/io.github.basshift.Recall.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/128x128/com.voxdsp.SeriousShooter.png
/var/lib/flatpak/appstream/flathub/x86_64/6bf8e51356e9b5c54b1dc72d82033ca0bc3c24a460e30c349f21f9144c5e06b9/icons/128x128/org.mintguide.ssh-host-editor.png
/var/lib/flatpak/app/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity/x86_64/stable/d9bdd8476ee086fb3d3e41abfe3ae1927d15fe2c000ce1e7e040c8333e6db19c/files/bin/licenses/sshj-license.txt
/var/lib/flatpak/app/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity/x86_64/stable/d9bdd8476ee086fb3d3e41abfe3ae1927d15fe2c000ce1e7e040c8333e6db19c/files/bin/plugins/org.jkiss.dbeaver.net.ssh.sshj_1.0.197.202604051735.jar
/var/lib/flatpak/app/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity/x86_64/stable/d9bdd8476ee086fb3d3e41abfe3ae1927d15fe2c000ce1e7e040c8333e6db19c/files/bin/plugins/org.jkiss.bundle.sshj_0.34.2
/var/lib/flatpak/app/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity/x86_64/stable/d9bdd8476ee086fb3d3e41abfe3ae1927d15fe2c000ce1e7e040c8333e6db19c/files/bin/plugins/org.jkiss.bundle.sshj_0.34.2/META-INF/maven/org.jkiss.bundle/org.jkiss.bundle.sshj
/var/lib/flatpak/app/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity/x86_64/stable/d9bdd8476ee086fb3d3e41abfe3ae1927d15fe2c000ce1e7e040c8333e6db19c/files/bin/plugins/org.jkiss.bundle.sshj_0.34.2/lib/sshj-0.40.0.jar
/var/lib/flatpak/app/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity/x86_64/stable/d9bdd8476ee086fb3d3e41abfe3ae1927d15fe2c000ce1e7e040c8333e6db19c/files/bin/plugins/org.jkiss.dbeaver.net.ssh.ui_1.0.197.202604051735.jar
/var/lib/flatpak/app/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity/x86_64/stable/d9bdd8476ee086fb3d3e41abfe3ae1927d15fe2c000ce1e7e040c8333e6db19c/files/bin/plugins/org.jkiss.dbeaver.net.ssh.jsch_1.1.186.202604051735.jar
/var/lib/flatpak/app/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity/x86_64/stable/d9bdd8476ee086fb3d3e41abfe3ae1927d15fe2c000ce1e7e040c8333e6db19c/files/bin/plugins/org.jkiss.dbeaver.net.ssh_1.0.197.202604051735.jar
/var/lib/dpkg/alternatives/ssh-askpass
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh2-1:amd64.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh2-1:amd64.shlibs
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh2-1:amd64.symbols
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh2-1:amd64.triggers
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh2-1:amd64.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/sshpass.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh-4:amd64.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh-4:amd64.shlibs
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh-4:amd64.symbols
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-server.conffiles
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ssh-askpass.conffiles
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ssh-askpass.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ssh-askpass.postinst
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ssh-askpass.prerm
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ssh-askpass.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64.shlibs
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64.symbols
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ruby-net-ssh.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ruby-net-ssh.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ksshaskpass.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ksshaskpass.postinst
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ksshaskpass.prerm
/var/lib/dpkg/info/ksshaskpass.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh2-1:i386.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-sftp-server.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-sftp-server.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-server.config
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-client.conffiles
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-server.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-server.postinst
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-server.postrm
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-server.preinst
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-server.prerm
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-server.templates
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh-4:amd64.triggers
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh-4:amd64.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64.triggers
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-server.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-client.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-client.postinst
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-client.postrm
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-client.preinst
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-client.prerm
/var/lib/dpkg/info/openssh-client.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/sshfs.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/sshfs.list
/var/lib/dpkg/info/sshpass.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh2-1:i386.md5sums
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh2-1:i386.shlibs
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh2-1:i386.symbols
/var/lib/dpkg/info/libssh2-1:i386.triggers
/var/lib/ucf/cache/:etc:ssh:sshd_config
/var/lib/swcatalog/icons/debian-bookworm-main/64x64/clusterssh_clusterssh.png
/var/lib/swcatalog/icons/debian-bookworm-main/64x64/marsshooter_marsshooter.png
/var/lib/swcatalog/icons/debian-bookworm-main/64x64/easyssh_com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/var/lib/swcatalog/icons/debian-bookworm-main/128x128/marsshooter_marsshooter.png
/var/lib/swcatalog/icons/debian-bookworm-main/128x128/easyssh_com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/var/lib/swcatalog/icons/debian-bookworm-main/48x48/marsshooter_marsshooter.png
/var/lib/swcatalog/icons/debian-bookworm-main/48x48/easyssh_com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/opt/zoom/Qt/qml/QtQuick/Dialogs/images/crosshairs.png
/run/sshd.pid
/run/sshd
/run/user/1000/ssh-askpass-263028f6-04e0-4081-b9b2-3b0440046250.sock
/run/user/1000/ssh-askpass-50394c6a-e3ec-443c-8938-e7ee3abdbf8a.sock
/run/user/1000/openssh_agent
/run/user/1000/keyring/.ssh
/run/user/1000/keyring/ssh
/run/user/1000/gcr/ssh
/run/user/1000/gnupg/S.gpg-agent.ssh
/run/user/1000/systemd/units/invocation:ssh-agent.service
/run/user/1000/systemd/units/invocation:gcr-ssh-agent.service
/run/systemd/units/invocation:ssh.service
/usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxLibSsh.so
/usr/lib/bup/bup/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/bup/bup/ssh.py
/usr/lib/systemd/user/gpg-agent-ssh.socket
/usr/lib/systemd/user/ssh-agent.service
/usr/lib/systemd/user/gcr-ssh-agent.service
/usr/lib/systemd/user/graphical-session-pre.target.wants/ssh-agent.service
/usr/lib/systemd/user/gcr-ssh-agent.socket
/usr/lib/systemd/system/ssh.socket
/usr/lib/systemd/system/rescue-ssh.target
/usr/lib/systemd/system/ssh.service
/usr/lib/openssh
/usr/lib/openssh/ssh-sk-helper
/usr/lib/openssh/ssh-keysign
/usr/lib/openssh/ssh-pkcs11-helper
/usr/lib/openssh/ssh-session-cleanup
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_test/_internal/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_test/_internal/ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/libcloud/compute/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/libcloud/compute/ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible/plugins/connection/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible/plugins/connection/__pycache__/paramiko_ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible/plugins/connection/ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible/plugins/connection/paramiko_ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible/utils/__pycache__/ssh_functions.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible/utils/ssh_functions.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible/module_utils/facts/system/__pycache__/ssh_pub_keys.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible/module_utils/facts/system/ssh_pub_keys.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/dns/rdtypes/ANY/__pycache__/SSHFP.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/dns/rdtypes/ANY/SSHFP.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/Cryptodome/PublicKey/__pycache__/_openssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/Cryptodome/PublicKey/_openssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/Cryptodome/PublicKey/_openssh.pyi
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/crypto/plugins/modules/openssh_keypair.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/crypto/plugins/modules/__pycache__/openssh_keypair.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/crypto/plugins/modules/__pycache__/openssh_cert.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/crypto/plugins/modules/openssh_cert.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/crypto/plugins/module_utils/crypto/__pycache__/openssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/crypto/plugins/module_utils/crypto/openssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/crypto/plugins/module_utils/openssh
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/general/plugins/modules/scaleway_sshkey.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/general/plugins/modules/__pycache__/packet_sshkey.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/general/plugins/modules/__pycache__/ssh_config.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/general/plugins/modules/__pycache__/scaleway_sshkey.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/general/plugins/modules/packet_sshkey.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/general/plugins/modules/ssh_config.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/general/plugins/module_utils/_stormssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/general/plugins/module_utils/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/general/plugins/module_utils/__pycache__/_stormssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/general/plugins/module_utils/ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/digitalocean/plugins/modules/__pycache__/digital_ocean_sshkey.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/digitalocean/plugins/modules/__pycache__/digital_ocean_sshkey_info.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/digitalocean/plugins/modules/__pycache__/digital_ocean_sshkey_facts.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/digitalocean/plugins/modules/digital_ocean_sshkey.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/digitalocean/plugins/modules/digital_ocean_sshkey_info.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/digitalocean/plugins/modules/digital_ocean_sshkey_facts.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/hrobot/plugins/modules/__pycache__/ssh_key.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/hrobot/plugins/modules/__pycache__/ssh_key_info.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/hrobot/plugins/modules/ssh_key_info.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/hrobot/plugins/modules/ssh_key.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/fortios/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_secprof_ssl_ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/fortios/plugins/modules/fmgr_secprof_ssl_ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/docker/plugins/module_utils/_api/transport/__pycache__/sshconn.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/community/docker/plugins/module_utils/_api/transport/sshconn.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/hetzner/hcloud/plugins/modules/hcloud_ssh_key_info.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/hetzner/hcloud/plugins/modules/__pycache__/hcloud_ssh_key_facts.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/hetzner/hcloud/plugins/modules/__pycache__/hcloud_ssh_key.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/hetzner/hcloud/plugins/modules/__pycache__/hcloud_ssh_key_info.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/hetzner/hcloud/plugins/modules/hcloud_ssh_key.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/hetzner/hcloud/plugins/modules/hcloud_ssh_key_facts.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/fortios_firewall_ssh_host_key.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/fortios_firewall_ssl_ssh_profile.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fortios_firewall_access_proxy_ssh_client_cert.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fortios_firewall_ssh_local_ca.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fortios_ssh_filter_profile.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fortios_firewall_ssh_setting.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fortios_firewall_ssh_host_key.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fortios_firewall_ssl_ssh_profile.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fortios_firewall_ssh_local_key.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/fortios_ssh_filter_profile.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/fortios_firewall_ssh_local_key.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/fortios_firewall_access_proxy_ssh_client_cert.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/fortios_firewall_ssh_setting.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortios/plugins/modules/fortios_firewall_ssh_local_ca.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_ssl.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_profileprotocoloptions_ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_sslserver.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_ftps.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_sslexempt.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_imaps.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_smtps.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_antivirus_profile_ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_system_certificate_ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_pop3s.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_sslserver.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_sslexempt.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_sshfilter_profile_filefilter.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_sshfilter_profile.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_sshfilter_profile_shellcommands.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_ssl.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_dot.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_ssh_localca.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_ftps.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_profileprotocoloptions_ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_sshfilter_profile_filefilter_entries.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_imaps.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/__pycache__/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_https.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_system_certificate_ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_dot.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_antivirus_profile_ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_sshfilter_profile_shellcommands.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_smtps.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_ssh_localca.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_pop3s.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_sshfilter_profile.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_sshfilter_profile_filefilter.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_sshfilter_profile_filefilter_entries.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/fortinet/fortimanager/plugins/modules/fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_https.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/ibm/spectrum_virtualize/plugins/module_utils/__pycache__/ibm_svc_ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/ibm/spectrum_virtualize/plugins/module_utils/ibm_svc_ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/vmware/vmware_rest/plugins/modules/appliance_access_ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/vmware/vmware_rest/plugins/modules/__pycache__/appliance_access_ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/vmware/vmware_rest/plugins/modules/__pycache__/appliance_access_ssh_info.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/vmware/vmware_rest/plugins/modules/appliance_access_ssh_info.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/vultr/cloud/plugins/modules/__pycache__/ssh_key.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/vultr/cloud/plugins/modules/__pycache__/ssh_key_info.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/vultr/cloud/plugins/modules/ssh_key_info.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/vultr/cloud/plugins/modules/ssh_key.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/cisco/aci/plugins/modules/aci_aaa_ssh_auth.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/cisco/aci/plugins/modules/__pycache__/aci_aaa_ssh_auth.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/ansible/netcommon/plugins/connection/libssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/ansible/netcommon/plugins/connection/__pycache__/libssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/netapp/ontap/plugins/modules/na_ontap_security_ssh.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/netapp/ontap/plugins/modules/__pycache__/na_ontap_ssh_command.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/netapp/ontap/plugins/modules/__pycache__/na_ontap_security_ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/netapp/ontap/plugins/modules/na_ontap_ssh_command.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/ngine_io/vultr/plugins/modules/__pycache__/vultr_ssh_key.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/ngine_io/vultr/plugins/modules/__pycache__/vultr_ssh_key_info.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/ngine_io/vultr/plugins/modules/vultr_ssh_key.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/ngine_io/vultr/plugins/modules/vultr_ssh_key_info.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/ngine_io/cloudstack/plugins/modules/__pycache__/cs_sshkeypair.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/ngine_io/cloudstack/plugins/modules/cs_sshkeypair.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/f5networks/f5_modules/plugins/modules/__pycache__/bigip_device_sshd.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/f5networks/f5_modules/plugins/modules/bigip_device_sshd.py
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/f5networks/f5_modules/plugins/doc_fragments/__pycache__/f5ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/ansible_collections/f5networks/f5_modules/plugins/doc_fragments/f5ssh.py
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libssh2.so.1.0.1
/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libssh2.so.1
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libssh.so.4
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libssh-gcrypt.so.4
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/qemu/block-ssh.so
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libssh.so.4.9.6
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/gnome-keyring/devel/gkm-ssh-store-standalone.so
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/qt5/qml/org/kde/newstuff/DownloadItemsSheet.qml
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/qt5/qml/QtQuick/Dialogs/images/crosshairs.png
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/qt5/plugins/plasma/network/vpn/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.so
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/qt5/plugins/konsoleplugins/konsole_sshmanagerplugin.so
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libssh-gcrypt.so.4.9.6
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libssh2.so.1.0.1
/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libssh2.so.1
/usr/lib/apt/methods/ssh
/usr/bin/ssh-keygen
/usr/bin/ssh-keyscan
/usr/bin/virt-ssh-helper
/usr/bin/ssh-askpass
/usr/bin/ssh-copy-id
/usr/bin/ssh
/usr/bin/ksshaskpass
/usr/bin/ssh-agent
/usr/bin/ssh-argv0
/usr/bin/sshpass
/usr/bin/ssh-add
/usr/bin/sshfs
/usr/share/augeas/lenses/dist/ssh.aug
/usr/share/augeas/lenses/dist/tests/test_ssh.aug
/usr/share/augeas/lenses/dist/tests/test_sshd.aug
/usr/share/augeas/lenses/dist/sshd.aug
/usr/share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/sr@ijekavian/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/sr@ijekavian/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/sr@latin/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/sr@latin/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/ia/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/ia/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/tg/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/sr@ijekavianlatin/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/sr@ijekavianlatin/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/az/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/ml/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/ml/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/ksshaskpass.mo
/usr/share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/plasmanetworkmanagement_sshui.mo
/usr/share/vim/vim90/indent/sshconfig.vim
/usr/share/vim/vim90/ftplugin/sshconfig.vim
/usr/share/vim/vim90/syntax/sshconfig.vim
/usr/share/vim/vim90/syntax/sshdconfig.vim
/usr/share/man/man7/EVP_KDF-SSHKDF.7ssl.gz
/usr/share/man/man8/virt-ssh-helper.8.gz
/usr/share/man/man8/ssh-pkcs11-helper.8.gz
/usr/share/man/man8/sshd.8.gz
/usr/share/man/man8/ssh-sk-helper.8.gz
/usr/share/man/man8/ssh-keysign.8.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/x11-ssh-askpass.1x.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/ssh-askpass.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/ssh-copy-id.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/ssh-add.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/podman-machine-ssh.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/ksshaskpass.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/gh-ssh-key.1
/usr/share/man/man1/ssh-keygen.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/gh-codespace-ssh.1
/usr/share/man/man1/ssh-keyscan.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/ssh-agent.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/sshpass.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/ssh-argv0.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/gh-ssh-key-add.1
/usr/share/man/man1/ssh.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/sshfs.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1/gh-ssh-key-delete.1
/usr/share/man/man1/gh-ssh-key-list.1
/usr/share/man/man5/sshd_config.5.gz
/usr/share/man/man5/ssh_config.5.gz
/usr/share/runit/meta/ssh
/usr/share/seahorse/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/seahorse-key-ssh.png
/usr/share/seahorse/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/seahorse-key-ssh.png
/usr/share/perl5/Date/Manip/TZ/asshan00.pm
/usr/share/perl5/URI/ssh.pm
/usr/share/icons/gnome/16x16/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png
/usr/share/icons/gnome/256x256/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png
/usr/share/icons/gnome/22x22/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png
/usr/share/icons/gnome/24x24/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png
/usr/share/icons/gnome/32x32/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png
/usr/share/icons/gnome/48x48/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png
/usr/share/icons/Tango/scalable/places/gnome-fs-ssh.svg
/usr/share/icons/Tango/16x16/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png
/usr/share/icons/Tango/22x22/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png
/usr/share/icons/Tango/24x24/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png
/usr/share/icons/Tango/32x32/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png
/usr/share/icons/breeze/actions/22/crosshairs.svg
/usr/share/icons/breeze/actions/16/crosshairs.svg
/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/crosshair
/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/crosshair
/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/cursors/crosshair
/usr/share/icons/KDE_Classic/cursors/crosshair
/usr/share/icons/breeze-dark/actions/22/crosshairs.svg
/usr/share/icons/breeze-dark/actions/16/crosshairs.svg
/usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-rdp-ssh-symbolic.svg
/usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-x2go-ssh-symbolic.svg
/usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-ssh-symbolic.svg
/usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-vnc-ssh-symbolic.svg
/usr/share/openssh
/usr/share/openssh/sshd_config.md5sum
/usr/share/openssh/sshd_config
/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-keygen
/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-copy-id
/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh
/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/autossh
/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mussh
/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sshow
/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sshmitm
/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ssh-add
/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sshfs
/usr/share/bug/sshfs
/usr/share/nmap/nselib/ssh1.lua
/usr/share/nmap/nselib/ssh2.lua
/usr/share/nmap/nselib/libssh2.luadoc
/usr/share/nmap/nselib/libssh2-utility.lua
/usr/share/nmap/scripts/ssh-brute.nse
/usr/share/nmap/scripts/ssh2-enum-algos.nse
/usr/share/nmap/scripts/sshv1.nse
/usr/share/nmap/scripts/ssh-auth-methods.nse
/usr/share/nmap/scripts/ssh-hostkey.nse
/usr/share/nmap/scripts/ssh-run.nse
/usr/share/nmap/scripts/ssh-publickey-acceptance.nse
/usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ssh2
/usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass.sh
/usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass-empty.sh
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/specifications/net-ssh-7.0.1.gemspec
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/templates/commands/ssh_config
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/lib/vagrant/util/ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/lib/vagrant/util/remote/ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/lib/vagrant/action/builtin/ssh_run.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/lib/vagrant/action/builtin/ssh_exec.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/lib/vagrant/action/builtin/remote/ssh_run.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/hosts/linux/cap/ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/hosts/windows/cap/ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/hosts/windows/scripts/set_ssh_key_permissions.ps1
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/hosts/windows/scripts/utils/VagrantSSH
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/hosts/windows/scripts/utils/VagrantSSH/VagrantSSH.psm1
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/hosts/bsd/cap/ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/providers/docker/action/has_ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/providers/docker/action/prepare_ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/commands/serve/type/ssh_info.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/commands/ssh_config
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/commands/ssh
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/kernel_v1/config/ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/communicators/ssh
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/communicators/winssh
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/kernel_v2/config/ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/vagrant-2.3.4/plugins/kernel_v2/config/ssh_connect.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/fog-core-2.3.0/lib/fog/core/ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/net-ssh-7.0.1
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/net-ssh-7.0.1/lib/net/ssh.rb
/usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/gems/net-ssh-7.0.1/lib/net/ssh
/usr/share/virt-manager/virtManager/details/__pycache__/sshtunnels.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/share/virt-manager/virtManager/details/sshtunnels.py
/usr/share/doc/openssh-server
/usr/share/doc/ssh-askpass
/usr/share/doc/ssh-askpass/examples/SshAskpass-green.ad
/usr/share/doc/ssh-askpass/examples/SshAskpass-default.ad
/usr/share/doc/ssh-askpass/examples/SshAskpass-motif.ad
/usr/share/doc/ssh-askpass/examples/SshAskpass-NeXTish.ad
/usr/share/doc/ssh-askpass/examples/SshAskpass-1337.ad
/usr/share/doc/libssh-gcrypt-4
/usr/share/doc/openssh-client
/usr/share/doc/openssh-client/examples/ssh-session-cleanup.service
/usr/share/doc/openssh-sftp-server
/usr/share/doc/ksshaskpass
/usr/share/doc/ruby-net-ssh
/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent-ssh.socket
/usr/share/doc/libssh-4
/usr/share/doc/libssh2-1
/usr/share/doc/sshpass
/usr/share/doc/avahi-daemon/examples/sftp-ssh.service
/usr/share/doc/avahi-daemon/examples/ssh.service
/usr/share/doc/ppp/examples/scripts/options-ssh-rem
/usr/share/doc/ppp/examples/scripts/ppp-on-ssh
/usr/share/doc/ppp/examples/scripts/options-ssh-loc
/usr/share/doc/zsh-common/examples/ssh_completion2
/usr/share/doc/zsh-common/examples/ssh_completion
/usr/share/doc/sshfs
/usr/share/inkscape/extensions/__pycache__/color_lesshue.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/share/inkscape/extensions/color_lesshue.py
/usr/share/inkscape/extensions/color_lesshue.inx
/usr/share/krita/patterns/09_drawed_crosshatched.png
/usr/share/fonts/truetype/noto/NotoSansShavian-Regular.ttf
/usr/share/fonts/truetype/noto/NotoSansSharada-Regular.ttf
/usr/share/lintian/overrides/openssh-server
/usr/share/lintian/overrides/libssh-gcrypt-4
/usr/share/lintian/overrides/openssh-client
/usr/share/lintian/overrides/libssh-4
/usr/share/thefuck/thefuck/rules/__pycache__/ssh_known_hosts.cpython-311.pyc
/usr/share/thefuck/thefuck/rules/ssh_known_hosts.py
/usr/share/apport/package-hooks/openssh-client.py
/usr/share/apport/package-hooks/openssh-server.py
/usr/share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Crosshatch
/usr/share/texlive/texmf-dist/tex/generic/babel/locale/de/babel-swisshighgerman.tex
/usr/share/texlive/texmf-dist/bibtex/bst/gloss/glsshort.bst
/usr/share/kpackage/kcms/kcm_users/contents/ui/PicturesSheet.qml
/usr/share/fish/completions/sshfs.fish
/usr/share/fish/completions/ssh.fish
/usr/share/fish/functions/__fish_complete_ssh.fish
/usr/share/help/pt_BR/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/pt_BR/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/pt_BR/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/pt_BR/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/pt_BR/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/ca/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/ca/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/ca/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/ca/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/ca/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/hu/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/hu/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/hu/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/hu/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/hu/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/da/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/da/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/da/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/da/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/da/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/C/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/C/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/C/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/C/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/C/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/uk/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/uk/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/uk/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/uk/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/uk/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/el/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/el/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/el/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/el/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/el/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/eu/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/eu/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/eu/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/eu/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/eu/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/sv/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/sv/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/sv/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/sv/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/sv/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/id/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/id/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/id/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/id/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/id/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/cs/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/cs/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/cs/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/cs/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/cs/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/ru/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/ru/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/ru/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/ru/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/ru/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/de/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/de/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/de/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/de/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/de/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/fr/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/fr/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/fr/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/fr/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/fr/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/pl/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/pl/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/pl/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/pl/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/pl/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/gl/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/gl/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/gl/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/gl/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/gl/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/help/es/seahorse/ssh-create.page
/usr/share/help/es/seahorse/ssh-import.page
/usr/share/help/es/seahorse/ssh-export.page
/usr/share/help/es/seahorse/about-ssh.page
/usr/share/help/es/seahorse/ssh-connect-remote.page
/usr/share/dotnet/sdk/10.0.201/Sdks/Microsoft.NET.Sdk/targets/Microsoft.NET.Sdk.FSharpTargetsShim.targets
/usr/share/zsh/functions/Completion/Unix/_cssh
/usr/share/zsh/functions/Completion/Unix/_ssh
/usr/share/zsh/functions/Completion/Unix/_ssh_hosts
/usr/share/zsh/functions/Completion/Linux/_sshfs
/usr/sbin/mount.sshfs
/usr/sbin/sshd
/usr/sbin/mount.fuse.sshfs
/usr/libexec/ssh-askpass
/usr/libexec/ssh-askpass/x11-ssh-askpass
/usr/libexec/seahorse/ssh-askpass
/usr/libexec/gcr-ssh-askpass
/usr/libexec/gcr-ssh-agent
/etc/rc3.d/S01ssh
/etc/X11/Xsession.d/90x11-common_ssh-agent
/etc/X11/app-defaults/SshAskpass
/etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-ssh.desktop
/etc/ufw/applications.d/openssh-server
/etc/systemd/user/graphical-session-pre.target.wants/gcr-ssh-agent.service
/etc/systemd/user/sockets.target.wants/gpg-agent-ssh.socket
/etc/systemd/user/sockets.target.wants/gcr-ssh-agent.socket
/etc/systemd/system/multi-user.target.wants/ssh.service
/etc/systemd/system/sshd.service
/etc/runit/runsvdir/default/ssh
/etc/default/ssh
/etc/rc5.d/S01ssh
/etc/ssh
/etc/ssh/ssh_config
/etc/ssh/ssh_config.d
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key
/etc/ssh/ssh_config.bak
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key.pub
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key.pub
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key.pub
/etc/ssh/sshd_config
/etc/ssh/sshd_config.d
/etc/pam.d/sshd
/etc/alternatives/ssh-askpass.1.gz
/etc/alternatives/ssh-askpass
/etc/init.d/ssh
/etc/rc4.d/S01ssh
/etc/sv/ssh
/etc/rc2.d/S01ssh
/sys/fs/cgroup/user.slice/user-1000.slice/user@1000.service/app.slice/gcr-ssh-agent.service
/sys/fs/cgroup/user.slice/user-1000.slice/user@1000.service/app.slice/ssh-agent.service
/sys/fs/cgroup/system.slice/ssh.service
/shared/kent/.vscode/cli/serve-web/c3a26841a84f20dfe0850d0a5a9bd01da4f003ea/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass-empty.sh
/shared/kent/.vscode/cli/serve-web/c3a26841a84f20dfe0850d0a5a9bd01da4f003ea/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass.sh
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.0a7b6aaf-4670-4387-9a5b-13dd12c83041/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.0a7b6aaf-4670-4387-9a5b-13dd12c83041/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.python-2026.4.0-linux-x64/python_files/lib/jedilsp/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.python-2026.4.0-linux-x64/python_files/lib/jedilsp/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/openai.chatgpt-26.409.20454-linux-x64/webview/assets/ssh-config-zy1XMelf.js.map
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/openai.chatgpt-26.409.20454-linux-x64/webview/assets/ssh-config-zy1XMelf.js
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit-0.87.0
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit-0.87.0/syntaxes/ssh_config.tmLanguage.json
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit-0.87.0/resources/remote-ssh.png
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.122.0
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.122.0/resources/remote-ssh.png
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.122.0/resources/ssh-explorer.svg
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2026.2.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2026.2.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2026.2.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2026.2.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2026.2.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2026.2.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers-0.447.0/dist/common/sshAskpass.js
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers-0.447.0/scripts/ssh-askpass.bat
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers-0.447.0/scripts/ssh-askpass.sh
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/mtxr.sqltools-driver-mysql-0.6.6/out/ls/sshcrypto-ZHE7HURE.node
/shared/kent/.config/google-chrome/Default/Extensions/enboaomnljigfhfjfoalacienlhjlfil/9.8.1_0/website/js/DisableInfinityScrollShorts/disableInfinityScrollsShorts.js
/shared/kent/.config/google-chrome/Profile 3/Extensions/enboaomnljigfhfjfoalacienlhjlfil/9.8.1_0/website/js/DisableInfinityScrollShorts/disableInfinityScrollsShorts.js
/shared/kent/.config/knfsshare
/shared/kent/.config/konsolesshconfig
/shared/kent/.config/Code/CachedExtensionVSIXs/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.118.0
/shared/kent/.config/Code/User/globalStorage/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh
/shared/kent/.config/Code/User/globalStorage/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh/vscode-ssh-host-1e494e9c-38c31bc77e0dd6ae88a4e9cc93428cc27a56ba40-0.115.0-es
/shared/kent/.config/Code/User/History/-50a3a69f/SSHD.py
/shared/kent/Documents/playground-hooks/scripts/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground-hooks/scripts/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground-hooks/scripts/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground-hooks/scripts/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground-hooks/scripts/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground-hooks/scripts/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/pyedu-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/zmq/ssh
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/pyedu-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/prompt_toolkit/contrib/ssh
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/pyedu-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pexpect/pxssh.py
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/pyedu-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pexpect/__pycache__/pxssh.cpython-311.pyc
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/pyedu-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/pyedu-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/pyedu-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/jupyter_client/ssh
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/gasctl-all/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/gasctl-all/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/ssh.py
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/gasctl-all/.mypy_cache/3.11/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/ssh.data.json
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/gasctl-all/.mypy_cache/3.11/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/ssh.meta.json
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/zmq/ssh
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/prompt_toolkit/contrib/ssh
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/ssh.py
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pexpect/pxssh.py
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pexpect/__pycache__/pxssh.cpython-311.pyc
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/jupyter_client/ssh
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailbridge-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailbridge-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailbridge-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailbridge-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailbridge-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailbridge-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/prompt_toolkit/contrib/ssh
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/plumbum/machines/ssh_machine.py
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/plumbum/machines/__pycache__/ssh_machine.cpython-311.pyc
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/bandit/plugins/ssh_no_host_key_verification.py
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/bandit/plugins/__pycache__/ssh_no_host_key_verification.cpython-311.pyc
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/python-cli-templ-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailsync-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailsync-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailsync-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailsync-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailsync-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/mailsync-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.scripts/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/.scripts/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/ssh.py
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/slicothe-any/node_modules/@slidev/client/internals/SlidesShow.vue
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/slicothe-any/node_modules/@shikijs/langs/dist/ssh-config.mjs
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/slicothe-any/node_modules/@shikijs/langs/dist/ssh-config.d.mts
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/slicothe-any/node_modules/shiki/dist/langs/ssh-config.mjs
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/slicothe-any/node_modules/shiki/dist/langs/ssh-config.d.mts
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/slicothe-any/node_modules/monaco-editor/esm/vs/editor/browser/gpu/atlas/textureAtlasShelfAllocator.js.map
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/slicothe-any/node_modules/monaco-editor/esm/vs/editor/browser/gpu/atlas/textureAtlasShelfAllocator.js
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/domain_bruteforce-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/domain_bruteforce-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/domain_bruteforce-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/domain_bruteforce-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/domain_bruteforce-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/playground/domain_bruteforce-any/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/lektioner/lektion2/node_modules/@slidev/client/internals/SlidesShow.vue
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/lektioner/lektion2/node_modules/@shikijs/langs/dist/ssh-config.mjs
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/lektioner/lektion2/node_modules/@shikijs/langs/dist/ssh-config.d.mts
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/lektioner/lektion2/node_modules/shiki/dist/langs/ssh-config.mjs
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/lektioner/lektion2/node_modules/shiki/dist/langs/ssh-config.d.mts
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/lektioner/lektion2/node_modules/monaco-editor/esm/vs/editor/browser/gpu/atlas/textureAtlasShelfAllocator.js.map
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/lektioner/lektion2/node_modules/monaco-editor/esm/vs/editor/browser/gpu/atlas/textureAtlasShelfAllocator.js
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/node_modules/@slidev/client/internals/SlidesShow.vue
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/node_modules/@shikijs/langs/dist/ssh-config.mjs
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/node_modules/@shikijs/langs/dist/ssh-config.d.mts
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/node_modules/shiki/dist/langs/ssh-config.mjs
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/node_modules/shiki/dist/langs/ssh-config.d.mts
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/node_modules/monaco-editor/esm/vs/editor/browser/gpu/atlas/textureAtlasShelfAllocator.js.map
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/databashantering/databashantering-lektioner/node_modules/monaco-editor/esm/vs/editor/browser/gpu/atlas/textureAtlasShelfAllocator.js
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/projektmetodiker/projmetoder-material/slidev/node_modules/@slidev/client/internals/SlidesShow.vue
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/projektmetodiker/projmetoder-material/slidev/node_modules/@shikijs/langs/dist/ssh-config.mjs
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/projektmetodiker/projmetoder-material/slidev/node_modules/@shikijs/langs/dist/ssh-config.d.mts
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/projektmetodiker/projmetoder-material/slidev/node_modules/shiki/dist/langs/ssh-config.mjs
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/projektmetodiker/projmetoder-material/slidev/node_modules/shiki/dist/langs/ssh-config.d.mts
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/projektmetodiker/projmetoder-material/slidev/node_modules/monaco-editor/esm/vs/editor/browser/gpu/atlas/textureAtlasShelfAllocator.js
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/projektmetodiker/projmetoder-material/slidev/node_modules/monaco-editor/esm/external/vscode-css-languageservice/lib/esm/services/cssHover.js
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/projektmetodiker/projmetoder-material/slidev/node_modules/is-in-ssh
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/DEVOPS24/lektion10/ssh-copy-id.md
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/DEVOPS24/lektion10/ssh-nyckel.md
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/DEVOPS24/lektion10/sshd-config.txt
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/ITINF25/lektion04/ssh_hardening.txt
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/ITINF25/lektion03/ubsekent/.lesshst
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/ITINF25/lektion03/ubsekent/.ssh
/shared/kent/.vscode-server/cli/servers/Stable-38c31bc77e0dd6ae88a4e9cc93428cc27a56ba40/server/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass-empty.sh
/shared/kent/.vscode-server/cli/servers/Stable-38c31bc77e0dd6ae88a4e9cc93428cc27a56ba40/server/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass.sh
/shared/kent/.vscode-server/cli/servers/Stable-38c31bc77e0dd6ae88a4e9cc93428cc27a56ba40.staging/server/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass-empty.sh
/shared/kent/.vscode-server/cli/servers/Stable-38c31bc77e0dd6ae88a4e9cc93428cc27a56ba40.staging/server/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass.sh
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/prompt_toolkit/contrib/ssh
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/plumbum/machines/ssh_machine.py
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/plumbum/machines/__pycache__/ssh_machine.cpython-311.pyc
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/bandit/plugins/ssh_no_host_key_verification.py
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/bandit/plugins/__pycache__/ssh_no_host_key_verification.cpython-311.pyc
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-sN9LKjDx-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pyright/dist/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-3e5bi6Hw-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/prompt_toolkit/contrib/ssh
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-3e5bi6Hw-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/plumbum/machines/ssh_machine.py
/shared/kent/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/template-tests-3e5bi6Hw-py3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/plumbum/machines/__pycache__/ssh_machine.cpython-311.pyc
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.values.s
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.values.at
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.values
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage_i
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.keystream
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.keystream
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.values.at
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage_i
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.keystream
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.values.at
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage_i
/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/4e6a9f083bbeb43ce7568a9f8ad2fb267360d2e1-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/fc28af0f9ddff9327d4ee455759d0857df4f66bf-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/ea3a31dfdf9f7612061fc69c282935358bc10d0b-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/c485a2e0250d6339dbae67ae6c3790908b6a93d9-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/8285a4fbc139cbd8e7d8fb6819a26fc91d1a9ac9-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/d4a1d7a25da8a1df5c39af030bbbfc2e62c06a4e-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/9648c622201ed49deee35f30556d923ac2292c68-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/fba49fcf3f66f60d3101411ed25f55d6699da3d2-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/fba9a44545f8408c6d0e009033c8c4c517121b87-easyssh_com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/190806da3edf34a7b3f1f5374a244b20a2355be0-com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/21c2822c5acd82910d7fc6cc00914db723132e62-com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/c33e0ea5109fece2c49ab1afe4ae742f239d8285-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/5b65d398f325175500df4e8050170171003788de-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/2e821f8d70dbbc53855e18315ccb874de2d62bcf-io.github.basshift.Recall.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/2981b3773cb8776d32a921888f312caa29cc9bbe-io.github.basshift.Recall.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/1c140775e69e60ffe68b7c260080f1c7c294dcd5-io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/7035ab315a8fe85beddbb1f03f2c6b25f08464e3-io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/1baeecb8aa231cd2dcceb7a143eea5181463cf66-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/fc5c5f2f97b9719b83f87dcad07d3619cc718b4b-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/3997cb52b31c5f54f906f7146e11b8e3e605b676-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/c0c102abcb8f2cc7f6c8b55be5f09468291b12ab-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/3adb19c21dfcabc0dc8a08e76d283dddbaf13b4f-io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/81825d508731ab8a7b619a573f06360cf56dfaef-io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/d2c53a984a73a9e02d83d46732aefd17ead75c0c-com.voxdsp.SeriousShooter.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/e0b24427fb2317303b0ad7e368fbd8734bc31cf8-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/e1c6a5029d8ecd82294f9f5262004de5bfac4021-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/63bd2a3acc235b6bca143e8845a2d701f3dc9bc9-com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/7e478622aa58109b2682c07e674c83cd17ee2569-com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/646aa4df146519128f1be3e81f018240dff647c7-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/4cc75a1817e328d784547da53a91b61a40887871-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/073080bb2ce3548272b1cf4df6afbd193f7305a0-io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/8b7ad0b52cf639297126f0e7b5770249778d1627-io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/ebf286238528e6b61501bf692328ecb67a4abd4b-io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/24a1318396b74625f60304b9eb81c12515364f54-io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/5c05446bc04a9e892083f3147b07e591bc18b0b7-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/ea7b27c3b183f9d5a31627872b1f65fe133a8dca-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/552006557fe805e8e177e4bd4b22c21d6911cc61-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/4670865558c0df61bd900be82c53fc4b0c1340fc-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/c963a5e8e0d4eb93ba7b4ede2134b54378534e5b-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/c3f3ff926527988be87fd154206580894993c163-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/f606365e10f3fb969bfaa59fa870a2a798671391-org.mintguide.ssh-host-editor.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/e14229a4049fd7b748a01f9ba7539a894ab33af9-marsshooter_marsshooter.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/454e191c913467228711c682d23cc13d915ead94-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/baad3ba16884c5dbe95234b73c2772884f6902f1-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/7fc575c278018f971321900ba4c79d5bb5cb41f9-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/859212fc4dba669037f1c4ad7ae72695ebb414f8-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/f93d0da8f2f236ed56817989ed49699188111089-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/03e2f169c43e81aaeb3ffcb625bf7b0aecb8ec5e-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/1ef96fd62a448c35ace206206cb8488e4df940e7-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/43a2c0b8518d3e1f8f9a08f0ea77f38c108839af-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/8a4a692c130f4a3382962427e16f9873d4f50f7c-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/c4551ccc22ed29839995d4ada8762dd511525349-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/4587ffb311ab5fc67cfeccc95c9d56c5e441a701-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/44793e0729d7f74e9f65d2040f0f2f4527b594f4-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/f08985e8f488b3758e4b67134478fc551a01d8d7-io.github.basshift.Recall.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/e76f6b334e4a338d5066a41b41e26712a5b1f310-io.github.basshift.Recall.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/7e88d0ca7ad44525402f30cda4bd26e8d54acdfb-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/c76b1b3e63d02b54d40f0b63143ccf1d3c148a54-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/46c653acce677953498e2660d0af999348ba5e80-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/5358157f26725c2faf321af062eaaff511bc9cc1-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/5e89066ff5e0ef34ccba03a269d52274b6abb7a3-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/87c2a727e8c1045712f4eae8ac16b473493f4527-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/2a947725935946ceaa96114bd3bb2348ed19c3d5-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/8189c2f5f0b19d72004d5ad6e530ef06f99eee3a-io.github.mfat.sshpilot.png
/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/odrs/io.github.BuddySirJava.SSH-Studio.json
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/sih.org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/sih.org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/sih.kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/sih.org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/sih.kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.values.at
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage_i
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.keystream
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.keystream
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.values.at
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage_i
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/sih.org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/tmp/intellij-ssh-askpass-local.sh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/existing/project-343guiltyspark/menu_ssh.py
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/existing/project-343guiltyspark/core/ssh_api.py
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/existing/project-343guiltyspark/.mypy_cache/3.11/ssh_api.meta.json
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/existing/project-343guiltyspark/.mypy_cache/3.11/ssh_api.data.json
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/existing/l1-live/DEVOPS24/lektion10/ssh-copy-id.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/existing/l1-live/DEVOPS24/lektion10/ssh-nyckel.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/existing/l1-live/DEVOPS24/lektion10/sshd-config.txt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/existing/l1-live/ITINF25/lektion04/ssh_hardening.txt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/existing/l1-live/ITINF25/lektion03/ubsekent/.lesshst
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/existing/l1-live/ITINF25/lektion03/ubsekent/.ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-nv/.git/refs/remotes/origin/ssh-keys
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-nv/.git/refs/remotes/origin/openssh_och_omstart
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-nv/.git/refs/remotes/origin/ssh_vault
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-nv/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/ssh-keys
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-nv/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/openssh_och_omstart
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-nv/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/ssh_vault
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-firstrow/.git/refs/remotes/origin/ssh-management
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-firstrow/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/ssh-management
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live3/DEVOPS24/lektion10/ssh-copy-id.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live3/DEVOPS24/lektion10/ssh-nyckel.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live3/DEVOPS24/lektion10/sshd-config.txt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live3/ITINF25/lektion04/ssh_hardening.txt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live3/ITINF25/lektion03/ubsekent/.lesshst
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live3/ITINF25/lektion03/ubsekent/.ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-bmy/boxydrop_ssh_key.yml
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-teamgrodan/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/c-pingurl-d3-hata-aik/jenkins/jenkins_ssh_key
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/c-pingurl-d3-hata-aik/jenkins/jenkins_ssh_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-davbastian/ansible-project/roles/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/i6-ansible-projekt-i3-sagtillmigvem/sshnycklar_boxydrop
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/i6-ansible-projekt-i3-ansibellos/roles/3-copy-ssh-key
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/i6-ansible-projekt-i3-ansibellos/roles/1-deny-ssh-password
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/itinf23-scrumprojekt-coconut-panda/connect_ssh.py
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/c-pingurl-d3-deltaganget/jenkins/jenkins_ssh_key
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live/241009/ssh_olika_satt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live/241009/exempel-sshconfig
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live/241009/sshd_config_changes.txt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live/241007/sshcmds
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l2-archlinux-d4-archaios/img/bonusdel3/successsh.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/.git/refs/remotes/origin/ssh_3
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/.git/refs/remotes/origin/ssh_auth
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/.git/refs/remotes/origin/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/.git/refs/remotes/origin/fixed_ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/ssh_3
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/ssh_auth
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/fixed_ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/ansible/ssh_key
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/ansible/ssh_conf
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-restarted-fellas/ansible/ssh_conf/ssh_conf
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-fansi/.git/refs/remotes/origin/playbook_ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-fansi/.git/refs/remotes/origin/sshnyckel
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-fansi/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/playbook_ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-fansi/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/sshnyckel
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live2/241009/ssh_olika_satt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live2/241009/exempel-sshconfig
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live2/241009/sshd_config_changes.txt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live2/241007/sshcmds
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-team-mfj/.ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l6-ansible-grupp-i4-team-mfj/playbooks/.ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/Photos/träning/bujinkan/tenchi ryaku no maki/026 jumonji no kata[ten_ryaku_no_maki kihon_happo_gata kosshi_kihon_sanpo bujinkan clip duncan_stewart 2012].mp4
/shared/kent/Dropbox/Photos/träning/bujinkan/tenchi ryaku no maki/025 hicho no kata[ten_ryaku_no_maki kihon_happo_gata kosshi_kihon_sanpo bujinkan clip duncan_stewart 2012].mp4
/shared/kent/Dropbox/Photos/träning/bujinkan/tenchi ryaku no maki/024 ichimonji no kata[ten_ryaku_no_maki kihon_happo_gata kosshi_kihon_sanpo bujinkan clip duncan_stewart 2012].mp4
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/bios/dolphin-emu/Sys/GameSettings/SSH.ini
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/A Ressha de Ikou (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Perman Part 2 - Himitsu Kessha Madoodan o Taose! (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Nagagutsu o Haita Neko - Sekai Isshuu 80 Nichi Daibouken (Japan) (Beta).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Nakayoshi to Issho (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Isaki Shuugorou no Keiba Hisshou Gaku (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Garfield no Isshukan (Japan) (Beta 2).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/A Ressha de Ikou (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Nakayoshi to Issho (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Garfield no Isshukan (Japan) (Beta 2).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Baken Hisshou Gaku - Gate In (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Golgo 13 - Daiisshou - Kamigami no Tasogare (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Matsumoto Tooru no Kabushiki Hisshou Gaku - Part II (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Perman Part 2 - Himitsu Kessha Madoodan o Taose! (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Garfield no Isshukan (Japan) (Beta 1).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Golgo 13 - Daiisshou - Kamigami no Tasogare (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Matsumoto Tooru no Kabushiki Hisshou Gaku (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Isaki Shuugorou no Keiba Hisshou Gaku (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Garfield no Isshukan (Japan) (Beta 1).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Nagagutsu o Haita Neko - Sekai Isshuu 80 Nichi Daibouken (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Kyoto Hana no Misshitsu Satsujin Jiken (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Akagawa Jirou no Yuurei Ressha (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Matsumoto Tooru no Kabushiki Hisshou Gaku (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Baken Hisshou Gaku - Gate In (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Kyoto Hana no Misshitsu Satsujin Jiken (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Matsumoto Tooru no Kabushiki Hisshou Gaku - Part II (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Nagagutsu o Haita Neko - Sekai Isshuu 80 Nichi Daibouken (Japan).png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Akagawa Jirou no Yuurei Ressha (Japan).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/decorations/thebezelproject/games/nes/Nagagutsu o Haita Neko - Sekai Isshuu 80 Nichi Daibouken (Japan) (Beta).cfg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/roms/mame/sshooter.zip
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/roms/mame/images/sshooter-image.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/roms/mame/images/passsht-thumb.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/roms/mame/images/sshooter-thumb.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/roms/mame/images/sshooter-marquee.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/roms/mame/images/passsht-marquee.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/roms/mame/images/passsht-image.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/roms/mame/videos/sshooter-video.mp4
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/roms/mame/videos/passsht-video.mp4
/shared/kent/Dropbox/retrobat/roms/mame/passsht.zip
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.120.0
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.120.0/resources/remote-ssh.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.120.0/resources/ssh-explorer.svg
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.6.2/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.6.2/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.6.2/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.6.2/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.6.2/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.6.2/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.0a7b6aaf-4670-4387-9a5b-13dd12c83041/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.0a7b6aaf-4670-4387-9a5b-13dd12c83041/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers-0.417.0/dist/common/sshAskpass.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers-0.417.0/scripts/ssh-askpass.bat
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers-0.417.0/scripts/ssh-askpass.sh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit-0.87.0
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit-0.87.0/syntaxes/ssh_config.tmLanguage.json
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit-0.87.0/resources/remote-ssh.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.python-2025.8.0-linux-x64/python_files/lib/jedilsp/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/ms-python.python-2025.8.0-linux-x64/python_files/lib/jedilsp/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode/extensions/.87d363d8-2c2c-42f1-830e-3155f50c34e3/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.config/knfsshare
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.config/konsolesshconfig
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.config/Code/CachedExtensionVSIXs/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.118.0
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.config/Code/User/globalStorage/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.config/Code/User/globalStorage/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh/vscode-ssh-host-1e494e9c-38c31bc77e0dd6ae88a4e9cc93428cc27a56ba40-0.115.0-es
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.config/Code/User/History/-50a3a69f/SSHD.py
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/sshd_config.d
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_config.d
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/DEVOPS24/lektion10/ssh-copy-id.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/DEVOPS24/lektion10/ssh-nyckel.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/DEVOPS24/lektion10/sshd-config.txt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/cssom/lib/CSSHostRule.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/node-forge/lib/ssh.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/es-abstract/2022/IsSharedArrayBuffer.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/es-abstract/2024/IsSharedArrayBuffer.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/es-abstract/2023/IsSharedArrayBuffer.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/es-abstract/2021/IsSharedArrayBuffer.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/es-abstract/2019/IsSharedArrayBuffer.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/es-abstract/2020/IsSharedArrayBuffer.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/es-abstract/2017/IsSharedArrayBuffer.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/es-abstract/2018/IsSharedArrayBuffer.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/cicd/pingurl/frontend/node_modules/cssstyle/node_modules/cssom/lib/CSSHostRule.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode-server/cli/servers/Stable-38c31bc77e0dd6ae88a4e9cc93428cc27a56ba40/server/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass-empty.sh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode-server/cli/servers/Stable-38c31bc77e0dd6ae88a4e9cc93428cc27a56ba40/server/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass.sh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode-server/cli/servers/Stable-38c31bc77e0dd6ae88a4e9cc93428cc27a56ba40.staging/server/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass-empty.sh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.vscode-server/cli/servers/Stable-38c31bc77e0dd6ae88a4e9cc93428cc27a56ba40.staging/server/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass.sh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.values.s
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.values.at
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.values
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage_i
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.keystream
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.keystream
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.values.at
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage_i
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.keystream
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.values.at
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage_i
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/Google/AndroidStudio2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/d2c53a984a73a9e02d83d46732aefd17ead75c0c-com.voxdsp.SeriousShooter.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/fba9a44545f8408c6d0e009033c8c4c517121b87-easyssh_com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/e14229a4049fd7b748a01f9ba7539a894ab33af9-marsshooter_marsshooter.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/f606365e10f3fb969bfaa59fa870a2a798671391-org.mintguide.ssh-host-editor.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/21c2822c5acd82910d7fc6cc00914db723132e62-com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/gnome-software/icons/190806da3edf34a7b3f1f5374a244b20a2355be0-com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/sih.org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/sih.org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/sih.kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/.persistent/sih.org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/sih.kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.values.at
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage_i
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.keystream
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/.versions/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinClassShortNameIndex.ver
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/kotlinoverridableinternalmembersshortnameindex/KotlinOverridableInternalMembersShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage_i.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.keystream
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.keystream.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.values.at
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage_i
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/stubs/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlintypealiasshortnameindex/org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.KotlinTypeAliasShortNameIndex.storage.len
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/index/sih.org.jetbrains.kotlin.idea.stubindex.kotlinclassshortnameindex
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.cache/JetBrains/IdeaIC2024.3/tmp/intellij-ssh-askpass-local.sh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/autossh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh-agent.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh-keygen.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh-add.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/autossh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/az-sshkey.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/bssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/linux/mssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/linux/sshare.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/sshuttle.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/autossh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/pssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh-agent.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh-keygen.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/sshd.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/tailscale-ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/az-sshkey.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh-add.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/gh-ssh-key.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/sshfs.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/nxc-ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/bssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/sshpass.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/osx/csshx.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.es/common/autossh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.es/common/az-sshkey.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.es/common/nxc-ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.es/osx/csshx.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.hi/common/ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.zh/common/sshuttle.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.zh/common/ssh-add.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/autossh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/pssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh-agent.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh-keygen.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/sshd.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh-add.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/sshfs.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/sshpass.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/osx/csshx.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/linux/mssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/linux/sshare.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/sshuttle.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/autossh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/pssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh-agent.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh-keygen.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/sshd.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/tailscale-ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/az-sshkey.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh-add.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/gh-ssh-key.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/sshfs.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/nxc-ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/bssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/sshpass.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/osx/csshx.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/ssh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/ssh-agent.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/ssh-keygen.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/sshfs.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/sshpass.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.it/common/autossh.md
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/krita/patterns/09_drawed_crosshatched.png
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/gh-codespace-ssh.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/gh-ssh-key-add.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/gh-ssh-key-delete.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/virt-ssh-helper.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-copy-id.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-pkcs11-helper.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-agent.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/sshd.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-add.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-keyscan.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-sk-helper.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-keygen.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/podman-machine-ssh.fish
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/JetBrains/Toolbox/apps/intellij-idea-community-edition/plugins/cwm-plugin/lib/client/platform-ssh.jar
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/JetBrains/Toolbox/apps/android-studio/plugins/design-tools/resources/layoutlib/data/fonts/NotoSansShavian-Regular.ttf
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/JetBrains/Toolbox/apps/android-studio/plugins/design-tools/resources/layoutlib/data/fonts/NotoSansSharada-Regular.otf
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/.local/share/JetBrains/Toolbox/plugins/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/pam.d/sshd
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/sv/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/xdg/autostart/gnome-keyring-ssh.desktop
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/runit/runsvdir/default/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/systemd/user/graphical-session-pre.target.wants/gcr-ssh-agent.service
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/systemd/user/sockets.target.wants/gcr-ssh-agent.socket
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/systemd/user/sockets.target.wants/gpg-agent-ssh.socket
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/systemd/system/multi-user.target.wants/ssh.service
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/systemd/system/sshd.service
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/rc5.d/S01ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ufw/applications.d/openssh-server
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/rc4.d/S01ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/alternatives/ssh-askpass.1.gz
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/alternatives/ssh-askpass
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/rc3.d/S01ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/default/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/X11/app-defaults/SshAskpass
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/X11/Xsession.d/90x11-common_ssh-agent
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_config
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/sshd_config.d
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_config.d
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/sshd_config
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_config.bak
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/rc2.d/S01ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/init.d/ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.lesshst
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.flutter/flutter/bin/cache/dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_runtime/lib/preambles/jsshell.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.flutter/flutter/bin/cache/dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/preambles/jsshell.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.flutter/flutter/engine/src/flutter/testing/scenario_app/ios/Scenarios/ScenariosShare
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.flutter/flutter/packages/fuchsia_remote_debug_protocol/lib/src/runners/ssh_command_runner.dart
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.flutter/flutter/packages/fuchsia_remote_debug_protocol/test/src/runners/ssh_command_runner_test.dart
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.nvm/versions/node/v22.11.0/lib/node_modules/@google/clasp/node_modules/node-forge/lib/ssh.js
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.config/knfsshare
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.config/konsolesshconfig
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.config/Code/logs/20250628T194141/window1/exthost/output_logging_20250628T201950/1-Remote - SSH.log
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.config/Code/logs/20250628T194141/window1/exthost/output_logging_20250628T201839/1-Remote - SSH.log
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.config/Code/logs/20250628T194141/window1/exthost/output_logging_20250628T194142/4-Remote - SSH.log
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.config/Code/User/globalStorage/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.config/Code/User/globalStorage/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh/vscode-ssh-host-20720c22-2901c5ac6db8a986a5666c3af51ff804d05af0d4-0.120.0-es
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/kent/.ssh
/shared/kent/Dropbox/win11-iso/custom/sources/replacementmanifests/openssh-common-components-onecore-replacement.man
/shared/kent/Dropbox/win11-iso/custom/sources/replacementmanifests/openssh-server-components-onecore-replacement.man
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/Dokument/Realtidssystem/lab_package_SIMULATOR/lab_package/Asterix/Asterix/Borland/bcc55/Include/sshwbemhelpers.h
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/Dokument/Realtidssystem/lab_package_SIMULATOR/lab_package/Asterix/Asterix/Borland/bcc55/Include/msshared.h
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/Dokument/Realtidssystem/lab_package_SIMULATOR/lab_package/Asterix/Asterix/Borland/bcc55/Include/rasshost.h
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/Dokument/Realtidssystem/lab_package_SIMULATOR/lab_package/Asterix/Asterix/Borland/bcc55/Lib/Psdk/msshlstf.lib
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/org.eclipse.team.cvs.ssh2_3.2.300.I20100526-0800.jar
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/samples/Expenses/src/main/java/com/google/gwt/sample/expenses/client/ExpensesShell.java
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/samples/Expenses/src/main/java/com/google/gwt/sample/expenses/client/ExpensesShell.ui.xml
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/doc/javadoc/com/google/gwt/event/logical/shared/HasShowRangeHandlers.html
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/doc/javadoc/com/google/gwt/event/logical/shared/class-use/HasShowRangeHandlers.html
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/doc/javadoc/com/google/gwt/event/dom/client/HasKeyPressHandlers.html
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/doc/javadoc/com/google/gwt/event/dom/client/HasProgressHandlers.html
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/doc/javadoc/com/google/gwt/event/dom/client/ProgressHandler.html
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/doc/javadoc/com/google/gwt/event/dom/client/class-use/HasKeyPressHandlers.html
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/doc/javadoc/com/google/gwt/event/dom/client/class-use/HasProgressHandlers.html
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/doc/javadoc/com/google/gwt/event/dom/client/class-use/ProgressHandler.html
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/doc/javadoc/com/google/gwt/event/dom/client/class-use/KeyPressHandler.html
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Ylvas/eclipse/eclipse/plugins/com.google.gwt.eclipse.sdkbundle_2.3.0.r36v201105191508/gwt-2.3.0/doc/javadoc/com/google/gwt/event/dom/client/KeyPressHandler.html
/shared/kent/Dropbox/From_old_computer/ylva/Downloads/SSH3.2.9.exe
/shared/kent/.local/share/JetBrains/Toolbox/apps/intellij-idea-community-edition/plugins/cwm-plugin/lib/client/platform-ssh.jar
/shared/kent/.local/share/JetBrains/Toolbox/apps/android-studio/plugins/design-tools/resources/layoutlib/data/fonts/NotoSansShavian-Regular.ttf
/shared/kent/.local/share/JetBrains/Toolbox/apps/android-studio/plugins/design-tools/resources/layoutlib/data/fonts/NotoSansSharada-Regular.otf
/shared/kent/.local/share/JetBrains/Toolbox/plugins/ssh
/home/kent/.sdkman/candidates/gradle/9.2.1/lib/plugins/org.eclipse.jgit.ssh.apache.agent-7.2.1.202505142326-r.jar
/home/kent/.sdkman/candidates/gradle/9.2.1/lib/plugins/sshd-osgi-2.15.0.jar
/home/kent/.sdkman/candidates/gradle/9.2.1/lib/plugins/org.eclipse.jgit.ssh.apache-7.2.1.202505142326-r.jar
/home/kent/.sdkman/candidates/gradle/9.2.1/lib/plugins/sshd-sftp-2.15.0.jar
/home/kent/.local/share/krita/patterns/09_drawed_crosshatched.png
/home/kent/.local/share/torbrowser/tbb/x86_64/tor-browser/Browser/fonts/NotoSansShavian-Regular.ttf
/home/kent/.local/share/torbrowser/tbb/x86_64/tor-browser/Browser/fonts/NotoSansSharada-Regular.ttf
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.it/common/autossh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.nl/common/ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/linux/mssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/linux/sshare.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/autossh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/sshfs.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/az-sshkey.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/sshpass.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/pssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/bssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh-agent.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/gh-ssh-key.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/sshuttle.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh-add.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/sshd.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/tailscale-ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/ssh-keygen.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/common/nxc-ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.en/osx/csshx.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/sshfs.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/sshpass.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/ssh-agent.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.de/common/ssh-keygen.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ja/common/ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ja/common/ssh-keygen.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.zh/common/sshuttle.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.zh/common/ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.zh/common/ssh-add.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.zh/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/autossh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh-agent.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh-add.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.fr/common/ssh-keygen.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/linux/mssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/linux/sshare.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/autossh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/sshfs.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/az-sshkey.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/sshpass.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/pssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/bssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh-agent.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/gh-ssh-key.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/sshuttle.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh-add.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/sshd.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/tailscale-ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/ssh-keygen.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/common/nxc-ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages/osx/csshx.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/autossh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/sshfs.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/sshpass.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/pssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh-agent.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh-add.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/sshd.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/common/ssh-keygen.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.pt_BR/osx/csshx.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/linux/mssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/linux/sshare.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/autossh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/sshfs.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/az-sshkey.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/sshpass.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/pssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/bssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/ssh-agent.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/gh-ssh-key.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/sshuttle.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/ssh-add.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/ssh-copy-id.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/sshd.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/ssh-keyscan.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/tailscale-ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/ssh-keygen.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/common/nxc-ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.ko/osx/csshx.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.hi/common/ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.es/common/autossh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.es/common/az-sshkey.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.es/common/nxc-ssh.md
/home/kent/.local/share/tldr/pages.es/osx/csshx.md
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-pkcs11-helper.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-add.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-keyscan.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-sk-helper.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-agent.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/gh-codespace-ssh.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/virt-ssh-helper.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/gh-ssh-key-delete.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-keygen.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh-copy-id.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/gh-ssh-key-add.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/sshd.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/podman-machine-ssh.fish
/home/kent/.local/share/fish/generated_completions/ssh.fish
/home/kent/.local/pipx/venvs/poetry/lib/python3.11/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-311.pyc
/home/kent/.local/pipx/venvs/poetry/lib/python3.11/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/ssh.py
/home/kent/.vscode-temp8603/extensions/ms-python.python-2026.2.0-linux-x64/python_files/lib/jedilsp/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-temp8603/extensions/ms-python.python-2026.2.0-linux-x64/python_files/lib/jedilsp/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-temp8603/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.10.4/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-temp8603/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.10.4/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-temp8603/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.10.4/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-temp8603/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.10.4/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-temp8603/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.10.4/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-temp8603/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.10.4/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-8.14-bin/38aieal9i53h9rfe7vjup95b9/gradle-8.14/lib/plugins/sshd-common-2.12.1.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-8.14-bin/38aieal9i53h9rfe7vjup95b9/gradle-8.14/lib/plugins/org.eclipse.jgit.ssh.apache-5.13.3.202401111512-r.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-8.14-bin/38aieal9i53h9rfe7vjup95b9/gradle-8.14/lib/plugins/sshd-core-2.12.1.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-8.14-bin/38aieal9i53h9rfe7vjup95b9/gradle-8.14/lib/plugins/sshd-sftp-2.12.1.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-8.13-bin/5xuhj0ry160q40clulazy9h7d/gradle-8.13/lib/plugins/sshd-common-2.12.1.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-8.13-bin/5xuhj0ry160q40clulazy9h7d/gradle-8.13/lib/plugins/org.eclipse.jgit.ssh.apache-5.13.3.202401111512-r.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-8.13-bin/5xuhj0ry160q40clulazy9h7d/gradle-8.13/lib/plugins/sshd-core-2.12.1.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-8.13-bin/5xuhj0ry160q40clulazy9h7d/gradle-8.13/lib/plugins/sshd-sftp-2.12.1.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-9.2.1-bin/2t0n5ozlw9xmuyvbp7dnzaxug/gradle-9.2.1/lib/plugins/org.eclipse.jgit.ssh.apache.agent-7.2.1.202505142326-r.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-9.2.1-bin/2t0n5ozlw9xmuyvbp7dnzaxug/gradle-9.2.1/lib/plugins/sshd-osgi-2.15.0.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-9.2.1-bin/2t0n5ozlw9xmuyvbp7dnzaxug/gradle-9.2.1/lib/plugins/org.eclipse.jgit.ssh.apache-7.2.1.202505142326-r.jar
/home/kent/.gradle/wrapper/dists/gradle-9.2.1-bin/2t0n5ozlw9xmuyvbp7dnzaxug/gradle-9.2.1/lib/plugins/sshd-sftp-2.15.0.jar
/home/kent/.lesshst
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/user-data/CachedExtensionVSIXs/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.120.0
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/user-data/CachedExtensionVSIXs/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit-0.87.0
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.120.0
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.120.0/resources/remote-ssh.png
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-0.120.0/resources/ssh-explorer.svg
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-python.python-2025.16.0-linux-x64/python_files/lib/jedilsp/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-python.python-2025.16.0-linux-x64/python_files/lib/jedilsp/jedi/third_party/typeshed/third_party/2and3/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit-0.87.0
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit-0.87.0/resources/remote-ssh.png
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit-0.87.0/syntaxes/ssh_config.tmLanguage.json
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.9.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/hvac/hvac/api/secrets_engines/ssh.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.9.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/pexpect/pexpect/pxssh.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.9.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_gss.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.9.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/win_openssh.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.9.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/paramiko/paramiko/ssh_exception.pyi
/home/kent/.vscode-clean/extensions/ms-python.vscode-pylance-2025.9.1/dist/typeshed-fallback/stubs/docker/docker/transport/sshconn.pyi
/home/kent/.config/Code/User/History/77411794/ssHU.py
/home/kent/.config/Code/User/History/4950961/SshQ.json
/home/kent/.config/Code/User/History/35467379/SsHg.md
/home/kent/.config/Code/User/globalStorage/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh
/home/kent/.config/Code/User/globalStorage/ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh/vscode-ssh-host-20720c22-2901c5ac6db8a986a5666c3af51ff804d05af0d4-0.120.0-es
/home/kent/.config/konsolesshconfig
/home/kent/.config/knfsshare
/home/kent/.config/BraveSoftware/Brave-Browser/Default/Extensions/enboaomnljigfhfjfoalacienlhjlfil/9.8.1_0/website/js/DisableInfinityScrollShorts/disableInfinityScrollsShorts.js
/home/kent/.ssh
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ ^C
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ find / -iname '*ssh*' 2>/dev/nul.confDEVOPS25/lektion2
$ find / -iname '*ssh*.conf' 2>/dev/nul








DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ find / -iname '*ssh*.conf' 2>/dev/nul




sudo 
[sudo] password for kent: 
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ ls /etc/ssh/
moduli          ssh_host_ecdsa_key
sshd_config     ssh_host_ecdsa_key.pub
sshd_config.d   ssh_host_ed25519_key
ssh_config      ssh_host_ed25519_key.pub
ssh_config.bak  ssh_host_rsa_key
ssh_config.d    ssh_host_rsa_key.pub
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ ls /etc/ssh/ssh_c
onfig.d/
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ .pub' 2>/dev/null .pub.pub' 2>/dev/null.pub' 2>/dev/null.pub' 2>/dev/null.pub' 2>/dev/nul.pub' 2>/dev/null
*DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ sudo find / -iname 'ssh*.pub' 2>/dev/nul
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key.pub
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key.pub
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key.pub
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ sudo find / -iname 'ssh*.pub' 2>/dev/nul







/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key.pub
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key.pub
/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key.pub
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key.pub
^C
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ localte sshd_config
/etc/ssh/sshd_config
/etc/ssh/sshd_config.d
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live/241009/sshd_config_changes.txt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/.backups/GitHub/nackc8/removed/l1-live2/241009/sshd_config_changes.txt
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/sshd_config
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/etc/ssh/sshd_config.d
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/sshd_config.d
/shared/kent/Dropbox/klad-before-switch-to-kltd/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux2/linux_lab/etc/ssh/sshd_config.d/yes_root_login.conf
/usr/share/man/man5/sshd_config.5.gz
/usr/share/openssh/sshd_config
/usr/share/openssh/sshd_config.md5sum
/var/lib/ucf/cache/:etc:ssh:sshd_config
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ 
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ ls
lektion1-forts  recap-lektion1  recordings
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ ls lektion1-forts/
kat_

kat_medfil/ kat_tom/    kat_tom2/   
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ ls lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/
1hej.txt  2hej.txt  3hej.txt  4hej.txt
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ klocate 2hej.txt
2hej.txt
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ sudo updatedb
DEVOPS25/lektion2
locate 2hej.txt
/shared/kent/Documents/nackademin/linux1/l1-live/DEVOPS25/lektion2/lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/2hej.txt
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ ls
lektion1-forts  recap-lektion1  recordings
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ nano lektion1-forts/
kat_

kat_medfil/ kat_tom/    kat_tom2/   
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ nano lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/

1hej.txt  2hej.txt  3hej.txt  4hej.txt  
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ nano lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt 
>DEVOPS25/lektion2:<txt [ Writing... ] [ Wrote 2 lines ]    M-M Mac FormaM-P Prepend  ^T Browse
$ grep burp lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt
lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt
burp
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ grep burp lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.tx
-R -b -u -r -l - -p -
 .DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ grep burp -R .
./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp
./recordings/100723.cast:[664.879697, "o", "burp\r\n"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[668.955855, "o", "grep burp lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[716.178152, "o", "\u001b[H\u001b[2J\u001b[94mDEVOPS25/lektion2\r\r\n\u001b(B\u001b[m$ grep burp -R ."]
./recordings/100723.cast:[718.813471, "o", "./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\r\n"]
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ man fgfegrep
GREP(1)            User Commands            GREP(1)

NAME
       grep, egrep, fgrep, rgrep - print lines that
       match patterns

SYNOPSIS
       grep [OPTION...] PATTERNS [FILE...]
       grep [OPTION...] -e PATTERNS ... [FILE...]
       grep   [OPTION...]   -f   PATTERN_FILE   ...
       [FILE...]

DESCRIPTION
       grep  searches  for  PATTERNS  in each FILE.
       PATTERNS is one or more  patterns  separated
       by  newline characters, and grep prints each
       line  that  matches  a  pattern.   Typically
>DEVOPS25/lektion21 (press h for help or q to quit)
grep burp -R   -R
./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp
./recordings/100723.cast:[664.879697, "o", "burp\r\n"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[668.955855, "o", "grep burp lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[716.178152, "o", "\u001b[H\u001b[2J\u001b[94mDEVOPS25/lektion2\r\r\n\u001b(B\u001b[m$ grep burp -R ."]
./recordings/100723.cast:[718.813471, "o", "./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\r\n"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[718.814059, "o", "./recordings/100723.cast:[664.879697, \"o\", \"burp\\r\\n\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[668.955855, \"o\", \"grep burp lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[716.178152, \"o\", \"\\u001b[H\\u001b[2J\\u001b[94mDEVOPS25/lektion2\\r\\r\\n\\u001b(B\\u001b[m$ grep burp -R .\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[718.813471, \"o\", \"./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\\r\\n\"]\r\n"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[757.72317, "o", "\r\u001b[C\u001b[Cgrep burp -R ."]
./recordings/100723.cast:[769.373974, "o", "./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\r\n"]
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ grep -R burp .DEVOPS25/lektion2
grep burp -R   -R - R   -R 
./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp
./recordings/100723.cast:[664.879697, "o", "burp\r\n"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[668.955855, "o", "grep burp lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[716.178152, "o", "\u001b[H\u001b[2J\u001b[94mDEVOPS25/lektion2\r\r\n\u001b(B\u001b[m$ grep burp -R ."]
./recordings/100723.cast:[718.813471, "o", "./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\r\n"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[718.814059, "o", "./recordings/100723.cast:[664.879697, \"o\", \"burp\\r\\n\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[668.955855, \"o\", \"grep burp lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[716.178152, \"o\", \"\\u001b[H\\u001b[2J\\u001b[94mDEVOPS25/lektion2\\r\\r\\n\\u001b(B\\u001b[m$ grep burp -R .\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[718.813471, \"o\", \"./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\\r\\n\"]\r\n"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[757.72317, "o", "\r\u001b[C\u001b[Cgrep burp -R ."]
./recordings/100723.cast:[769.373974, "o", "./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\r\n"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[769.374643, "o", "./recordings/100723.cast:[664.879697, \"o\", \"burp\\r\\n\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[668.955855, \"o\", \"grep burp lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[716.178152, \"o\", \"\\u001b[H\\u001b[2J\\u001b[94mDEVOPS25/lektion2\\r\\r\\n\\u001b(B\\u001b[m$ grep burp -R .\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[718.813471, \"o\", \"./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\\r\\n\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[718.814059, \"o\", \"./recordings/100723.cast:[664.879697, \\\"o\\\", \\\"burp\\\\r\\\\n\\\"]\\r\\n./recordings/100723.cast:[668.955855, \\\"o\\\", \\\"grep burp lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt\\\"]\\r\\n./recordings/100723.cast:[716.178152, \\\"o\\\", \\\"\\\\u001b[H\\\\u001b[2J\\\\u001b[94mDEVOPS25/lektion2\\\\r\\\\r\\\\n\\\\u001b(B\\\\u001b[m$ grep burp -R .\\\"]\\r\\n./recordings/100723.cast:[718.813471, \\\"o\\\", \\\"./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\\\\r\\\\n\\\"]\\r\\n\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[757.72317, \"o\", \"\\r\\u001b[C\\u001b[Cgrep burp -R .\"]\r\n./recordings/100723.cast:[769.373974, \"o\", \"./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\\r\\n\"]\r\n"]
./recordings/100723.cast:[771.980767, "o", "grep -R burp ."]
./recordings/100723.cast:[773.015349, "o", "\u001b[H\u001b[2J\u001b[94mDEVOPS25/lektion2\r\r\n\u001b(B\u001b[m$ grep -R burp ."]
./recordings/100723.cast:[779.210825, "o", "\r\u001b[C\u001b[Cgrep burp -R ."]
./recordings/100723.cast:[795.459607, "o", "./lektion1-forts/kat_medfil/3hej.txt:burp\r\n"]
DEVOPS25/lektion2
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ man grep
GREP(1)            User Commands            GREP(1)

NAME
       grep, egrep, fgrep, rgrep - print lines that
       match patterns

SYNOPSIS
       grep [OPTION...] PATTERNS [FILE...]
       grep [OPTION...] -e PATTERNS ... [FILE...]
       grep   [OPTION...]   -f   PATTERN_FILE   ...
       [FILE...]

DESCRIPTION
       grep  searches  for  PATTERNS  in each FILE.
       PATTERNS is one or more  patterns  separated
       by  newline characters, and grep prints each
       line  that  matches  a  pattern.   Typically
       PATTERNS  should be quoted when grep is used
       in a shell command.

       A FILE of “-” stands for standard input.  If
       no FILE is given, recursive searches examine
       the  working  directory,  and   nonrecursive
       searches read standard input.

       Debian  also  includes  the variant programs
       egrep, fgrep and rgrep.  These programs  are
       the  same  as grep -E, grep -F, and grep -r,
       respectively.  These variants are deprecated
       upstream,  but  Debian provides for backward
       compatibility. For portability  reasons,  it
       is   recommended   to   avoid   the  variant
       programs, and  use  grep  with  the  related
       option instead.
       PATTERNS  should be quoted when grep is used
       in a shell command.

       A FILE of “-” stands for standard input.  If
       no FILE is given, recursive searches examine
       the  working  directory,  and   nonrecursive
       searches read standard input.

       Debian  also  includes  the variant programs
       egrep, fgrep and rgrep.  These programs  are
       the  same  as grep -E, grep -F, and grep -r,
       respectively.  These variants are deprecated
       upstream,  but  Debian provides for backward
       compatibility. For portability  reasons,  it
       is   recommended   to   avoid   the  variant
       programs, and  use  grep  with  the  related
       option instead.
       PATTERNS  should be quoted when grep is used
       in a shell command.

       A FILE of “-” stands for standard input.  If
       no FILE is given, recursive searches examine
       the  working  directory,  and   nonrecursive
       searches read standard input.

       Debian  also  includes  the variant programs
       egrep, fgrep and rgrep.  These programs  are
       the  same  as grep -E, grep -F, and grep -r,
       respectively.  These variants are deprecated
       upstream,  but  Debian provides for backward
       compatibility. For portability  reasons,  it
       is   recommended   to   avoid   the  variant
       programs, and  use  grep  with  the  related
       option instead.
...skipping...
       -R, --dereference-recursive
              Read  all files under each directory,
              recursively.   Follow  all   symbolic
              links, unlike -r.

   Other Options
       --line-buffered
              Use  line  buffering on output.  This
              can cause a performance penalty.

       -U, --binary
              Treat  the  file(s)  as  binary.   By
              default, under MS-DOS and MS-Windows,
              grep guesses whether a file  is  text
              or   binary   as  described  for  the
              --binary-files   option.    If   grep
              decides  the  file is a text file, it
MESESCOA1) line 439 (press h for help or q to quit)
M              -d recurse option.help or q to quit)
M              directory.  This is equivalent to the
M              given,   grep  searches  the  working
M              Note  that  if  no  file  operand  is
M              only if they are on the command line.
M              recursively, following symbolic links
M              Read  all files under each directory,
M       -r, --recursiveess h for help or q to quit)
MESESCOA1) line 430 (press h for help or q to quit)
M              is --include. for help or q to quit)
M              included unless the first such option
M              --exclude  options  match,  a file is
M              one  wins.   If   no   --include   or
M              options  are given, the last matching
 ESESCOC given, the last matchinghelp or q to quit)
 If   no   --include   or
ptions  match,  a file is
ess the first such option
.


les under each directory,
 following symbolic links
 are on the command line.
if  no  file  operand  is
p  searches  the  working
This is equivalent to the
ption.

ecursive
les under each directory,
 ESESCOC1) line 424 (press h for help or q to quit)
















 ESESCOD given, the last matchinghelp or q to quit)
 If   no   --include   or
ptions  match,  a file is
ess the first such option
.


les under each directory,
 following symbolic links
 are on the command line.
if  no  file  operand  is
p  searches  the  working
This is equivalent to the
ption.

ecursive
les under each directory,
 ESESCOD              options  are given, the last matching
              one  wins.   If   no   --include   or
              --exclude  options  match,  a file is
              included unless the first such option
              is --include.

       -r, --recursive
              Read  all files under each directory,
              recursively, following symbolic links
              only if they are on the command line.
              Note  that  if  no  file  operand  is
              given,   grep  searches  the  working
              directory.  This is equivalent to the
              -d recurse option.

       -R, --dereference-recursive
              Read  all files under each directory,
              recursively.   Follow  all   symbolic
              links, unlike -r.r help or q to quit)
 ESESCOB1) line 426 (press h for help or q to quit)
 ESESCOD              included unless the first such option
              is --include.

       -r, --recursive
              Read  all files under each directory,
              recursively, following symbolic links
              only if they are on the command line.
              Note  that  if  no  file  operand  is
              given,   grep  searches  the  working
              directory.  This is equivalent to the
              -d recurse option.

       -R, --dereference-recursive
              Read  all files under each directory,
              recursively.   Follow  all   symbolic
              links, unlike -r.

   Other Options427 (press h for help or q to quit)
       --line-bufferedress h for help or q to quit)
>DEVOPS25/lektion29 (press h for help or q to quit)
$ man grep
GREP(1)            User Commands            GREP(1)

NAME
       grep, egrep, fgrep, rgrep - print lines that
       match patterns

SYNOPSIS
       grep [OPTION...] PATTERNS [FILE...]
       grep [OPTION...] -e PATTERNS ... [FILE...]
       grep   [OPTION...]   -f   PATTERN_FILE   ...
       [FILE...]

DESCRIPTION
       grep  searches  for  PATTERNS  in each FILE.
       PATTERNS is one or more  patterns  separated
       by  newline characters, and grep prints each
       line  that  matches  a  pattern.   Typically
>DEVOPS25/lektion21 (press h for help or q to quit)
$ man 45 sshDEVOPS25/lektion2
$ man 5 ssh
No manual entry for ssh in section 5
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ man 5 sshd_config DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ man 5 sshd_config 
SSHD_CONFI... BSD File Formats Manual SSHD_CONFI...

NAME
     sshd_config — OpenSSH daemon configuration
     file

DESCRIPTION
     sshd(8) reads configuration data from
     /etc/ssh/sshd_config (or the file specified
     with -f on the command line).  The file con‐
     tains keyword-argument pairs, one per line.
     For each keyword, the first obtained value
     will be used.  Lines starting with ‘#’ and
     empty lines are interpreted as comments.  Ar‐
     guments may optionally be enclosed in double
     quotes (") in order to represent arguments
     containing spaces.
 ESESCOBg(5) line 1 (press h for help or q to quit)
     Note that the Debian openssh-server packageit)
     sets several options as standard in q to quit)
     /etc/ssh/sshd_config which are not the default
     in sshd(8):e 5 (press h for help or q to quit)
 ESESCOBg(5) line 6 (press h for help or q to quit)
           •   Includess h for help or q to quit)
               /etc/ssh/sshd_config.d/*.confo quit)
>DEVOPS25/lektion29 (press h for help or q to quit)
$ man 5 sshd_config
SSHD_CONFI... BSD File Formats Manual SSHD_CONFI...

NAME
     sshd_config — OpenSSH daemon configuration
     file

DESCRIPTION
     sshd(8) reads configuration data from
     /etc/ssh/sshd_config (or the file specified
     with -f on the command line).  The file con‐
     tains keyword-argument pairs, one per line.
     For each keyword, the first obtained value
     will be used.  Lines starting with ‘#’ and
     empty lines are interpreted as comments.  Ar‐
     guments may optionally be enclosed in double
     quotes (") in order to represent arguments
     containing spaces.
>DEVOPS25/lektion21 (press h for help or q to quit)
$ lslslman cd
No manual entry for cd
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ info cd
info: No menu item 'cd' in node '(dir)Top'
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ helpDEVOPS25/lektion2
$ help cd
cd: cd [-L|[-P [-e]] [-@]] [dir]
    Change the shell working directory.
    
    Change the current directory to DIR.  The default DIR is the value of the
    HOME shell variable. If DIR is "-", it is converted to $OLDPWD.
    
    The variable CDPATH defines the search path for the directory containing
    DIR.  Alternative directory names in CDPATH are separated by a colon (:).
    A null directory name is the same as the current directory.  If DIR begins
    with a slash (/), then CDPATH is not used.
    
    If the directory is not found, and the shell option `cdable_vars' is set,
    the word is assumed to be  a variable name.  If that variable has a value,
    its value is used for DIR.
    
    Options:
      -L	force symbolic links to be followed: resolve symbolic
    		links in DIR after processing instances of `..'
      -P	use the physical directory structure without following
    		symbolic links: resolve symbolic links in DIR before
    		processing instances of `..'
      -e	if the -P option is supplied, and the current working
    		directory cannot be determined successfully, exit with
    		a non-zero status
      -@	on systems that support it, present a file with extended
    		attributes as a directory containing the file attributes
    
    The default is to follow symbolic links, as if `-L' were specified.
    `..' is processed by removing the immediately previous pathname component
    back to a slash or the beginning of DIR.
    
    Exit Status:
    Returns 0 if the directory is changed, and if $PWD is set successfully when
    -P is used; non-zero otherwise.
DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ man man
MAN(1)           Manual pager utils          MAN(1)

NAME
       man  -  an interface to the system reference
       manuals

SYNOPSIS
       man [man options] [[section] page ...] ...
       man -k [apropos options] regexp ...
       man -K [man options] [section] term ...
       man -f [whatis options] page ...
       man -l [man options] file ...
       man -w|-W [man options] page ...

DESCRIPTION
       man is the system's manual pager.  Each page
       argument  given  to man is normally the name
>DEVOPS25/lektion21 (press h for help or q to quit)
$ DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ man info
INFO(1)            User Commands            INFO(1)

NAME
       info - read Info documents

SYNOPSIS
       info [OPTION]... [MENU-ITEM...]

DESCRIPTION
       Read documentation in Info format.

   Frequently-used options:
       -a, --all
              use all matching manuals

       -k, --apropos=STRING
              look  up STRING in all indices of all
>DEVOPS25/lektion21 (press h for help or q to quit)
$ ubfi
info minfo
=Welcome to Info version 6.8.  Type H for help, h forgzip -d < /usr/share/info/info-stnd.info.gz...Welcome to Info version 6.8.  Type H for help, h for-----Info: (info-stnd)Top, 48 lines --Top------------Next: Stand-alone Info,  Up: (dir)Stand-alone GNU Info********************This documentation describes the stand-alone Info re\ader which you canuse to read Info documentation.   If you are new to the Info reader, then you can g\et started by typing'H' for a list of basic key bindings.  You can read \through the rest ofthis manual by typing <SPC> and <DEL> (or <Space> an\d <Backspace>) tomove forwards and backwards in it.\\\\
Unknown command (C-x C-q)\\\\C-x-
Unknown command (C-x C-x)\\\\
q)\\\\
\\\\>>DEVOPS25/lektion2
$ 

exit
